
                    Volume One, Issue 7, Phile 8 of 10

PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                      *^=-> Phrack World News <-=^*                      PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                             Issue VI/Part 1                             PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                         Compiled and Written by                         PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                            Knight Lightning                             PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN

Oryan QUEST Vs. Dan Pasquale                                      June 21, 1986
----------------------------
Yes, our buddy from the west coast is back in action, this time against Oryan
QUEST.  Oryan QUEST was busted on April 6, 1986 (See PWN Issue IV Part 2), for
hacking AT&T Mail, by the San Mateo Police Department and the FBI.  Because of
legal technicalities, the charges were dropped but, Oryan's computer was
confiscated and never returned.  He has since bought a new computer (IBM AT)
and is now back among us.

It is believed that someone (Dan Pasquale?) must have found Oryan's notebook
which contained his passwords on to bulletin boards around the country.  One
example of this is "The Radio Station Incident" (See PWN Issue IV Part 3) where
a fake Oryan QUEST wandered the BBS and when questioned as to his legitimacy
quickly dropped carrier.

Most recently Oryan QUEST has been getting job offers in computer security.  He
hasn't accepted any at this time.  Also he has been getting several calls from
Dan Pasquale.  Dan wants Oryan's help to bust any and all hackers/phreaks.  Dan
is very pissed these days because someone charged $1100.00 worth of Alliance
Teleconferences to his phone bill and now he wants revenge.  He has stated that
one of his main projects is to bust P-80, sysoped by Scan Man.  Dan Pasquale
says that Scan Man works for a long distance communications carrier.  I
personally think he has as much of a chance of busting P-80 Systems as a
snowball staying frozen in a microwave.

Lets face it, if John Maxfield and the other investigators haven't busted P-80
yet, they never will...let alone some little police sergeant in California.
Dan also added that he is going to "hose" Speed Demon Elite.  He claims that he
is already a member of SDE and that its only a matter of time before he takes
it down forever.  He also mentioned that he has placed a Dialed Number Recorder
(DNR) on Radical Rocker's phone lines.   Furthermore, it was learned that Dan
Pasquale managed to get an account on to The Underground, sysoped by Night
Stalker.  It is unknown as to if Dan has anything to do with Night Stalker's
bust.

Dan Pasquale also said, "I will bust these hackers any way I can!"  To really
understand what that statement means you would probably have to live in
California.  What Pasquale was referring to was moving violations.  If you (a
driver under 21) receive any type of moving violation, both your insurance
company and your parents are notified.  This raises your insurance rates and
gets you into trouble.  If you get two moving violations, kiss your license
goodbye for at least 2 years.

Radical Rocker having heard about Dan Pasquale's plans to destroy Speed Demon
Elite, went on a user purge and has destroyed any and all accounts that were
held by those that he did not know personally.   Speed Demon Elite is now a
private BBS and supposedly Radical Rocker has now cleared things up with Dan
Pasquale.
            Information provided by Oryan QUEST and Radical Rocker
_______________________________________________________________________________

Marx and Tabas: The Full Story                                     July 1,1986
------------------------------
It all started with Cory Andrew Lindsly aka Mark Tabas, age 19.  He worked for
the Colorado Plastic Card Company and had access to the plastic cards that
credit cards were made with.  He had taken 1350 and stashed them away for later
usage.

His plan would have went perfectly if not for Steve Dahl.  He was busted in
Miami by the US Secret Service for whatever reasons.  They gave him a chance to
play ball.  Dahl had heard about Mark Tabas and Karl Marx's scheme and after
informing the Secret Service about this he was given an embossing machine.
Steve Dahl then flew to Denver and set up the meeting.  Mark Tabas lived in
Denver and wanted his friend James Price Salsman aka Karl Marx, age 18, to join
in on the fun.  So Marx flew down on a carded plane ticket that Tabas had
signed for.

The meeting took place in a room at the Denver Inn.  The room was bugged and 19
cards (Visa, MasterCard, and some blanks) were made from a possible 140 that
they had brought.  They decided to celebrate by ordering champagne on the card
of Cecil R. Downing.

A member of the Secret Service actually delivered the champagne to the room
disguised as a waiter.  Tabas signed for the drinks and the twosome were
nailed.  To make matters worse the SS also matched Tabas's signature with the
signature used to buy the carded plane ticket.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The sentencing goes like this:  Maximum: 10,000 dollars   (Local Law)
                                Maximum: 250,000          (Federal Law)
                                Maximum: 10 years in jail (both)

                       Or any combination of the three.

Both Tabas and Marx were let out on bail of five thousand dollars each.  The
actually charge is:  The manufacturing and possession of unauthorized access
devices.  The U.S. Magistrate Hilbert Schauer will be overhearing the case.

There is a rumor that charges on Salsman were dropped and that he is in no
trouble at all since he didn't actually buy the plane ticket, he was given it,
he didn't steal the cards, and he didn't emboss them.  So supposedly the Secret
Service let Marx go because he didn't know about the cards, he was just there
at the wrong time.

     Information Provided By The Denver Post and Sally Ride:::Space Cadet
_______________________________________________________________________________

The Saga Of Mad Hacker                                            July 15, 1986
----------------------
Mad Hacker of 616 NPA 616 wrote a random Compuserve hacker because he was bored
and wanted something to do.  It ran constantly for about a week and was he
surprised when it came up with an account.  However he made the mistake of not
checking to see whose account it was, he used the SIG's (Special Interest
Group's) and ran up a bill slightly under $300.

About a month later he was living over at a friend's house and the owner of the
account showed up, who just happened to be a family friend of the people that
MH was staying with.  He asked both of them (the teenagers that is) if they
were using his account (they all had Compuserve accounts and the family knew
they were computer buddies).  Mad Hacker said no and truthfully meant it.

Now around July 1, 1986 the account owner turned the matter over to the
Kalamazoo Police Department since CIS (Compuserve) could not find anything out
beyond the dialup used to access the account.  The police called around to
everyone in the area ("everyone" meaning all the "real" hacks and phreaks, not
rodents who think they're bad because they use handles) including Thomas
Covenant and Double Helix.  Most of everyone instantly forgot that Mad Hacker
ever existed, but somehow they got a hold of the phone number where he was
staying (at the time he was staying at his girlfriend's house, he was not
living there before) and contacted the owner of the account and put out a
warrant for Mad Hacker's arrest.

As of now, Mad Hacker faces *FELONY* charges because of the large amount of the
bill.  The warrant for his arrest has been suspended, letting the account owner
to handle things in his own way.  The owner has confiscated all of Mad Hacker's
computer equipment (3 computers and hardware etc.) until the bill is completely
paid back.

Mad Hacker has progressed from merely delivering clever obscenities over the
fone to his adversary to actual vengeance.  One example in the planning stages
will be in the form of camping out in said account owner backyard (in a rural
area), hooking up to a junction box, and running the account owner's Long
Distance phone bill out of sight.

Mad Hacker is supposed to have a file on Junction Box Modeming coming soon, he
is currently borrowing a computer from a friend.

                    Information Provided by Thomas Covenant
_______________________________________________________________________________

Lock Lifter *Busted*                                               July 2, 1986
--------------------
Lock Lifter was busted for hacking an MCI Vax.  he had downloaded a list of MCI
Calling Cards that he later abused and in return he received a *free* DNR on
his line for about 3 months.  He was also given a scare from MCI Investigations
(for unknown reasons) previous to his visit from law enforcement officers and
as such his BBS, The Black Chamber, was deleted and the userfiles were
destroyed, so there really isn't much to worry about from the user's
standpoint.

Lock Lifter had been making plans to take his board down anyway, so being
without The Black Chamber is just an adjustment we would have had to make
eventually regardless of Lock Lifters bust.

                            Information Provided By
                 Arthur Dent/Cyclone II/Kerrang Khan/The Seker
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Some notes from Cheap Shades:

"I was told by Arthur Dent that Lock Lifter did not have his computer anymore,
but someone using LL's password called my AE, Metal Shop AE (for which he had
lost his AE access but could still log on), and left me feedback in all caps
(not like LL would do) that said something like  PLEASE GIVE ME ACCESS TO THE
GO AE FUNCTION."  Arthur Dent has now confirmed that Lock Lifter did not make
the call in question and that there is definitely a fed or someone with Lock
Lifter's BBS passwords.  Sysops be warned.
_______________________________________________________________________________

Daniel Zigmond:  The Plot Thickens                                July 13, 1986
----------------------------------
Daniel Zigmond appeared, for a short time, on Pirate-80.  Scan Man let him on
to make a statement and then shut him off the board.  It is now left to the
users to decide whether or not he should be allowed back on.

                    Information by Sally Ride:::Space Cadet

Some sources say that we are seeing "Whacko Cracko" syndrome, where the story
gets more and more bizarre as versions get modified.  Like TWCB, Zigmond
supposedly says one thing to one person and something different to the next,
depending on what he thinks they may want to hear.

The following information was found under in an anonymous post on an unspecific
bulletin board.  It would appear that someone performed a credit check on
Daniel Zigmond (with TRW) and came up with some very interesting results.

As many of you should know, TRW keeps records of all major transactions you
make, credit cards you have, house or car payments, bank accounts you own, your
job, and many other things.  Daniel Zigmond's TRW account is a little
different, it has been flagged and the information is not there.   What it does
show is that Daniel Zigmond holds the position of Staff Programmer at Carnegie
Mellon University, a technical school in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  It also
shows that he was born in 1959 and although it would appear that he is 27,
Daniel claims to be 26.  TRW lists his only bank account as being at the
Pittsburgh National Bank.

What this would mean is that Zigmond has never owned a car, never rented a car,
never owned or rented a house, never had a credit card, never made any major
transactions, and has only one bank account.

During teleconferences on July 15th and 16th, several members of the PhoneLine
Phantoms and myself questioned Zigmond about his TRW account and several other
things.  Zigmond claims to know nothing about why his account is like this and
up till we brought up the fact that he worked at CMU, he had been telling
people that he was a reporter only.

As far as his reasons for needing codes, passwords, etc...  He says its so his
boss (whomever it will be) will believe the story.  Why shouldn't he believe
it?  Haven't there been enough articles on hackers and phreakers in the past?
Its been in the news very often and I'm sure that everyone remembers the
Richard Sandza articles, "Night of The Hackers" and "Revenge of The Hackers"
from Newsweek Magazine.

Most recently Daniel Zigmond has been speaking with several members of the Neon
Knights and he has obtained an account on the BBS World's Grave Elite, which is
sysoped by Sir Gamelord, the Vice-President of the P.H.I.R.M.

All hackers and phreaks are welcome to call him to be interviewed, although I
advise against it.  Please do not call up to rag on him because it is
pointless.  One example happened during the 2nd conference when someone called
on Danny's other line.  They said "did we wake you up?"  Danny said "no" and
then they hung up.

                    Information Provided By Daniel Zigmond
_______________________________________________________________________________

TeleComputist; Subscribe Now!                                     July 25, 1986
-----------------------------
From:  Forest Ranger and TeleComputist staff,
To:  You!

TeleComputist has had a very positive response up to this time and we have
received many requests for the free sample issue and now it is time to
subscribe.

For the sample free issue please self addressed stamped envelope with 39 cents
postage to: TeleComputist Newsletter P.O. Box 2003 Florissant, Mo. 63032

Also, please send subscriptions to the same address.  The subscription fee for
the newsletter will be twelve dollars a year, fifty cents for back issues.
This is a monthly circulation and we encourage letters.

                  Information Provided by Telecomputist Staff

                  Telecomputist Newsletter/BBS (314)921-7938

[KL's notes:  Both Taran King and I have seen the first issue and it is damn
good.  This is NOT a scam, we know the TeleComputist Staff personally and they
will NOT rip you off.  The newsletter itself is of fine quality both in its
print and content.  The sample issue was merely a shadow of the upcoming issues
and it will continue to get better as time goes on. It is definitely worth the
twelve dollars for the year subscription.]
_______________________________________________________________________________

                          ==Phrack Inc.==

                      Volume One, Issue 7, Phile 9 of 10

PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                      *^=-> Phrack World News <-=^*                      PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                             Issue VI/Part 2                             PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                         Compiled and Written by                         PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                            Knight Lightning                             PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN

U.S. Telecom Retiring Uninet                                       May 26, 1986
----------------------------
                            "Uninet is coming down"

Reston, Va. - U.S. Telecom Data Communications Company, Uninet Packet Switching
Network will be retired as a result of the proposed merger of the company with
GTE Telenet Communications Corporation.

The move came to light last week as a joint transition study team completed a
plan detailing how the two companies will be merged.  The merger is a result of
a joint venture spawned by the two companies parents, GTE Corporation and
United Talecommunications Inc.

The packet switches and related equipment which make up Uninet will be sold
where possible, but a good deal of the equipment is likely to be discarded, a
spokesman for the joint venture said.

Under the plan, the capacity of GTE Telenet Packet Switching Network will be
increased to handle additional traffic resulting from transference of U.S.
Telecom customers to Telenet, according to the spokesman.

The study groups considered integrating Uninet and Telenet because the external
interfaces of each network are compatible but the internal protocols each
network uses for functions such as networks management are substantially
different and any attempt toward integration would require a massive
development effort, spokesman said.

Moving Uninet's traffic to Telenet is far cheaper.  Telenet currently supports
six times as much traffic as Uninet, which means Telenet's capacity must only
be incremented by one sixth.

Uninet will be phased out over a 120 day transition period, to begin when the
joint venture is approved.  The merger plan calls for all personnel of U.S.
Telecom and GTE Telenet to be offered jobs with U.S. Sprint (now called U.S.
Sprint, not Sprint/U.S. Telecom company since recent merger).  The new company
is headquartered in Reston, Virginia where GTE Telenet is currently
headquartered.  Submitted by Scan Man to Phrack Inc. From Communications Week,
May 26 Issue
_______________________________________________________________________________

                                 P-80 Newsfile
                                 -------------
Computer Crime Bill Amended                                        May 14, 1986
----------------------------
After three years of Congressional hearings, the U.S. House of Representatives
is finally getting ready to act on a computer crime bill, but like everything
else in Congress many different people have input, and the focus and scope of
pending computer crime bills have changed in important ways during the past few
months.

When bills are altered significantly, they are often written as "clean bills"
and given new numbers.  Computer crime measures are changing so fast it is
difficult to keep track of them.

What started out as The Counterfeit Access Device and Computer Fraud Act (HR
1001) became late last month The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (HR 4562) which,
although it has retained the same title, is now dubbed HR 4718 following the
addition of some minor amendments.

The new bill, sponsored by Rep. William Hughes (D-N.J.), is very similar to the
old one, however, and would impose severe penalties for illegally accessing
government and financial computers and crack down on illegal computer bulletin
board systems.

For more information on HR 4718, check the menu for bills in the US House of
Representatives in the Legislation Database.

                    Information Provided by Cathryn Conroy
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
House Committee Approves New Computer Crime Bill                   May 14, 1986
------------------------------------------------
The House Judiciary Committee has approved and sent to the full House a new
computer crime bill that would impose severe penalties for illegally accessing
government and financial computers and crack down on illegal computer bulletin
board systems.

The bill (HR 4718), sponsored by Rep. William Hughes (D-N.J.), was passed by
voice vote with no objection. It is aimed at closing loopholes in existing law
and at helping to eliminate the "national malaise" of computer crime, Hughes
said.

The bill "will enable us to much more effectively deal with the emerging
computer criminal in our society," said Hughes, who chairs the House crime
subcommittee.

Rep. Bill McCollum (R-Fla.), the ranking Republican on the crime subcommittee,
added his support for the bill. He said it is time the nation began cracking
down on computer criminals.

"We demand privacy, yet we glorify those that break into computers," McCollum
said, citing films and television shows that have painted a sympathetic
portrait of computer criminals.

The committee agreed to a single amendment to the bill -- one that would extend
the list of computer systems protected by the measure to include those run by
the brokers and dealers regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
McCollum, who sponsored the amendment, said the brokers and dealers provide
some of the same services as banks and should receive equal protection against
computer trespassers.

The bill was reported out unanimously from the crime subcommittee. Hughes said
an identical companion measure is moving through the Senate and that he expects
the bill will become law before the end of the 99th Congress in December.
Hughes and McCollum agreed that the bill will help eliminate another glaring
example of the failure of existing federal law to keep pace with technological
advances.

"For the most part," he said, "our laws are rooted in the concept of property
crimes, where someone trespasses into or steals another person's property.
"With computer crimes, the trespassing or theft is done electronically, not
physically," he added.  "Although the losses are often just as great or even
greater than property crime, our laws are not current enough to keep pace with
the changing technology used by the criminals."

Hughes was the author of the nation's first computer crime law in 1984. That
bill established a new federal crime for unauthorized access to classified
information in government computers and a misdemeanor for accessing any federal
computer or computer containing financial or credit information.  The new
measure would establish a:

-:- New felony for trespassing into federal interest computers, those run by or
    for the federal government, banks or states. Offenders would face five-year
    prison terms.

-:- Second felony for "maliciously trespassing" into a federal interest
    computer and causing more than $1,000 in damage.

-:- New category of federal misdemeanors involving the use of illegal BBSes to
    post private information, such as credit card data, phone account
    information and passwords.

"We need to establish clear guidelines for protecting the information stored in
computers and for cracking down on those who knowingly put computers to
criminal of malicious use," Hughes said.

                       Information Provided by J. S. Orr
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Access To Government Computers Clarified                           June 9, 1986
----------------------------------------
Sen. Charles McC. Mathias (R- Md.) has introduced a bill in the U.S. Senate
that would amend Section 1030 of Title 18 of the United States Code with the
purpose of clarifying coverage with respect to access to computers operated for
or on behalf of the federal government.

The legislation would clearly impose penalties on anyone who modified,
destroyed or prevented use of information in a government computer system or
who used or disclosed individually identifiable information in such a computer.
The bill has been referred to the Senate Committee on The Judiciary.  No
subcommittee has yet been assigned.

                    Information Provided by Cathryn Conroy
_______________________________________________________________________________

Tap Interviews II...by Dead Lord                                  July 14, 1986
--------------------------------
The infamous Dead Lord is back and this time with an anonymous rag file that he
entitled Tap Interviews II to start people thinking that the Infiltrator had
written it.  Lets look at this file in parts.

First Dead Lord starts out by saying that he is Infiltrator and then changes
his mind and becomes Sharp Razor (who is supposedly in prison).  His first
interview was an imaginary exchange of words between him and Lex Luthor of the
Legion Of Doom.  The interview also was used to rag on Infiltrator by the way
it was presented.

Dead Lord then decided to interview Executive Hacker of Chief Executive
Officers (CEO).  The funny part about this interview is that Executive Hacker
is another handle used by Dead Lord.  The only rag mentioned was that Executive
Hacker didn't know that Ultima IV had been released and that there were only
two members in CEO.  Dead Lord then goes on to say, "LOD is a group of
egotistical fools..."

Then started the straight rags without the interview crap.  This is where ole
Dead Lord gives his opinion on eFerything.  For the first few paragraphs he
rags on The Doctor, SpecElite, pirates in general, Monty Python, and The Flying
Circus BBS.

Then he starts giving descriptions of the people who attend the weekly TAP
meetings:

  "Cheshire is a tired old man, Broadway Hacker, who is an obnoxious slob
   anyway, stopped going, the "950 codes kids" Ninja NYC and his pals have
   mostly moved on, though Ninja NYC still attends.  Ninja NYC is, at 17 years
   old, a complete criminal, the guy has stolen everything you can think of..."

  "Two Sigmund Frauds also attend (they are partners) one is a skinny asshole
   who has an earing and the other I never spoke to, but he is he one who
   supposedly does all the BBS calling.  There is also some friend of Ninja's
   who works for Northern Telcom."

  "There is some young guy with a French accent who always smiles, and some
   middle aged fag who is always talking.  Then there is MARK!  Ye Mark, though
   he tries to be friendly, people try to stay away.  He works at a Camera..."
   "He is slightly (very) unbalanced mentally, and always very confused.  He is
   teased constantly but tolerated."

  "There are also a few less important people, such as "Sid" some greasy kid
   who is proud to have had a $1700+ fone bill because he thought he was using
   a diverter.  Right now, they are generally a motley bunch.  Also they get
   kicked out of restaurants frequently now, and are down to meeting at Burger
   King.  <SIGH>  How pitiful..."

After all of the above bullshit, he talks about Lord Digital, his "cult," and
his adventures with Paul Muad'Dib.  Dead Lord still had more to say though, he
decided to bring up Monty Python again as well as Phrack, TWCB, Stronghold
East, Private Sector, and 2600 Magazine.  All of what he had to say was
completely bogus and Dead Lord claimed to be a member of Metal Shop Private,
although he called it Metal Shop Elite, which is untrue.  Fact is he was never
a member, not even on the old MSP.  He also claims that he has submitted
articles for Phrack, but was turned down because they were original files. Best
bet is that whatever he was writing, he didn't know what he was talking about.

Some notes to Dead Lord, as far as why Taran King was in the hospital; First
off it was a psychiatric ward not a "hospital".  Second, why don't you go and
read PWN 5-1 for the real story of what happened.  Third, the cosysop of
Stronghold East is not the Slayer, it is Slave Driver.

The truth is that both MSP and SE refused to let Dead Lord on and he holds a
grudge.  He then went on to say that both 2600 Magazine and Private Sector
sucked and that they always have.  Of course I am sure that Dead Lord could
easily put out a better magazine then either/or 2600 and Phrack Inc., and he of
course has shown that he can run a better BBS than Private Sector or Metal Shop
Private.  He ragged on several other bulletin boards such as Inner View and
Speed Demon Elite.

After all of that he comes back to the subject of Legion of Doom, starts on
Tribunal of Knowledge, and the says why Chief Executive Officers is better.

  "LOD's main claim to fame is that Lex Luthor types up shitloads of manuals
   and plasters LOD all over them.  Getting published in 2600 every other month
   probably helps also."

  "Another emerging group CEO, isn't as ridiculous as LOD, I mean the members
   [all two of them] know a lot, and write intelligent stuff..."

  "Executive Hacker and Corporate Criminal, not much of a group even if these 2
   do stack up better than the entire LOD."

His last rags were on Adventurer's Tavern and Disk Rigger.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Most of you by now are probably wondering how we tracked him down.  Well for
starters Dead Lord made it a lot easier on us by deciding to mention that he
lived in NYC.  He also talked a lot about others in the NYC area.  Dead Lord is
a member of Draco Tavern.  Dead Lord was refused access to Metal Shop Private
and Stronghold East.  Dead Lord's file was refused for Phrack Inc.  The
clincher however was in finding that Dead Lord was actually Executive Hacker,
and I'm sure that many of you noticed that CEO, the group the Executive Hacker
belongs to, was highlighted and not ragged on.

Some other interesting things about Dead Lord include that fact that he started
a rumor in New York City, that Taran King had appeared on a talk show dealing
with hackers and the he is responsible for giving out Sigmund Fraud's and Ninja
NYC's numbers to Daniel Zigmond and he probably has given him other numbers as
well.

It has been said that Dead Lord's phone number has been disconnected by outside
sources several times in the past and that the entire TAP Meeting attendees
group is out to cause him major physical damage.
_______________________________________________________________________________

Quicknotes
----------
MOB RULES was indited on five counts of wire fraud by the secret service, the
charges dated back to 1984.  This is supposedly part of the reason that the
Marauder took down Twilight Zone, but this is pure rumor.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
More talk about Broadway Hacker being a REAL fed or fed informant has sprung
up.  We at PWN are looking for factual evidence that this is true.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Night Stalker, sysop of the Underground, was busted for something dealing with
Transference of Funds.  It is unknown as to if Dan Pasquale had anything to do
with this bust.  Credit Card numbers were frequently found here as well.  His
phone line is being tapped and he cannot really discuss his bust to much.  He
is also under constant surveillance wherever he goes.  Look for a full story
in Phrack World News VII.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The rumor that Carrier Culprit was busted is untrue, but he did receive a call
from AT&T Security, regarding Alliance Teleconferencing Services.
_______________________________________________________________________________


                               ==Phrack Inc.==

                     Volume One, Issue 7, Phile 10 of 10

PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                      *^=-> Phrack World News <-=^*                      PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                             Issue VI/Part 3                             PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                         Compiled and Written by                         PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                            Knight Lightning                             PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN

HoloPhax Phreaker Vs. USA                                         July 16, 1986
-------------------------
The following is a segment taken out of the summons served to HoloPhax Phreaker
on the above date.  The actual summons was over 10 pages long and was mostly
depositions from witnesses and/or other testimonies that incriminate HoloPhax
Phreaker.  I am of course substituting HoloPhax Phreaker for his real name.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - -
  The United States of America and the State of Florida Vs. HoloPhax Phreaker

U.S. and Florida Citizen HoloPhax Phreaker, is believed and under suspicion of
such to have violated the following state and federal laws:

   U.S. Copyright Laws
   U.S. Telephone Infringement Act
   Florida State Telephone Harassment Laws

Reported a false emergency to or harassing the following
STATE bureaus:

   Seminole County Police Department
   Seminole County Fire Department
   Orange County Emergency Line (911)
   Orange County Police Department
   Orange County Fire Department
   Orange County Bomb Squad
   Orange County Special Weapons Attack Team (S.W.A.T.)

and the following FEDERAL bureaus:

   Federal Bureau of Investigation (F.B.I.), Tampa office
   Federal Bureau of Investigation (F.B.I.), Orlando office
   United States Secret Service, Orlando office
   National Security Agency, Washington D.C. office
   Central Intelligence Agency (C.I.A.), Washington D.C. office
   Internal Revenue Service (I.R.S.), Tallahassee office
   United States Marine Patrol, Titusville office

and to have harassed the following private citizens or companies:

          John F. Sheehan          Bob Driscol          Erwin V. Cohen
          Phillip Minkov           Margaret Branch      Harley Pritchard
          Gladys Smith             Kathleen Gallop      Frank Yarish
          Aida Smith               Ron L. Ebbing        Pat C. McCoy
          Kent Schlictemier        Doyle E. Bennet      Arthur Meyer

Rape Crisis Center
Poison Control
Spouse Abuse
Koala Treatment Center
Chemical Dependency Unit
Florida Hospital Center for Psychiatry
Orlando General Hospital; Alcohol and Chemical Dependency Unit
Cocaine Hot Line

U.S. and Florida Citizen HoloPhax Phreaker is also believed and suspected of
the following felonies and/or misdemeanors:

Illegal manipulation of telephone company controlled conversations and devices
Fraudulent Use of a Credit Card (i.e.: Carding)
Grand Theft
Possession of Stolen Property
Defrauding the Telephone Company (i.e.: Phreaking)
Illegal Entry (i.e.: Hacking)
Annoying or Harassing calls
Theft
Breaking and Entering
Assault and Battery
Harassment of a Government Emergency line
Threats to the life of the President of the United States of America
Possible Treason to the United States of America
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Well, wasn't that nice, especially the parts about *treason* and threats to the
life of the President of The United States of America.  HoloPhax Phreaker
claims that the majority of the crimes, including all of the harassment
charges, were committed on an Alliance Teleconference that he was NOT in
control of and as such had no control over what/who was called and what hap
pened.  One example of this has to do with threatening the life of the
President, HoloPhax says that this was done on a confer ence with the U.S.
Secret Service.

It all started with a phone call at about 12:30 PM on July 16, 1986.  The call
was placed from a CB (Citizen's Band) radio in a car.  They unknown caller told
HoloPhax that the police were on their way to search his house and would be
there in 15 minutes.  The caller also said that the law enforcement officials
had a warrant to search HoloPhax's property, however they did not specify as to
what was to be looked for.  HoloPhax grabbed everything he could and buried it
all in his backyard.

Sure enough, within 15 minutes his *expected* guests arrived.  One cruiser and
four unmarked vehicles pulled up blocking his and the neighbor's driveways.
About sixteen people came to the door and HoloPhax let them in, after all they
did have a warrant.  Several of them pushed HoloPhax aside and then the search
started on the first floor.  While some searched through the sofa, other
furniture, and drawers, a couple of them flashed the warrant as well as their
identification, U.S. Secret Service and National Security Agency.

They then went up to HoloPhax's room and immediately check his phone's,
computer's, and television's serial numbers.  They also took around 30 pictures
of things in his room.  They then searched through stacks of worthless
printouts and confiscated several dozen of his disks that contained pirated
terminal programs, utilities, text files, and games.

When they couldn't find any hack/phreak material or a modem, they became angry
and started ripping the sheets off the beds, pulling up the carpet from the
floor, and knocking on the walls.  While most of them were doing this, another
agent handed HoloPhax a paper that stated exactly what they were looking for.

He told HoloPhax that since they had not found anything on the list, they could
only leave with what little they had and could NOT take HoloPhax into custody.
They searched a couple of other rooms, but not as thorough as they had searched
HoloPhax's room.  They had taken books off the shelves and flipped through
their pages, looked inside pillow cases and under some loose boards in the
floor.  After 1- 1 1/2 hours they finally left and said that HoloPhax would be
contacted very soon for a hearing date.

One of the more interesting members of the search team was Richard Proctor
(See PWN 5-5 for more information on Richard Proctor).

He wore little round glasses that were tinted so you couldn't see his eyes. He
had long brown hair (longer than a business person should...) and was wearing a
suit.  He had fair skin, but he wasn't really tan.  He looked like a mix of a
dude out of Woodstock and someone from IBM management.  He didn't say much, and
only spoke directly to HoloPhax once.  He asked,"Where the fuck are you hiding
the codes!?"  HoloPhax responded with, "Go fuck your sister!"  This really
pissed Proctor off.  Proctor then proceeded to tearing up his room pretty bad.
He seemed to know as much about HoloPhax as the NSA and SS guys did (but then
he was probably briefed ahead of time).

There was also a representative from the local sheriff's department as well as
one from the F.B.I.  They asked HoloPhax several questions , most of them were
directed to a "mafia" type group called PHBI that is semi-local to HoloPhax's
area.

They seemed to want to connect HoloPhax to many "hits" PHBI had done on people,
businesses, and the government.  They did not make clear what it was they were
trying to say HoloPhax did, but they sure did try many ways of tricking him
into admitting that he was a member of this group or some other phreak or
anarchist league.

Ok, now going back to the summons, it was about ten pages long and most of it
was printouts of accounts on bulletin boards and interviews with people that
knew something of HoloPhax's activities or activities of close aquaintences.

The Infiltrator and HoloPhax used to go to the same school in 10th grade and in
the summons there was an interview with the police officer of that school that
mentioned some of the "jobs" that "they" had pulled there and never got caught
for.  Infiltrator was also mentioned in a note by some guy that was named John
Sheehan who had been harassed by phone/credit for 1 1/2 years.  He said that
HoloPhax and Infiltrator were responsible for the 140 hours of tape he had.
Infiltrator was also mentioned in several BBS printouts.

The law enforcement officials did acquire several of the older issues of Phrack
Inc. Newsletter and they kept trying to make HoloPhax admit to writing files on
credit fraud, phreaking, or hacking.  Specifically, as far as hacking, were
files on MILInet and ARPAnet.

The handle they were looking for was Agent Orange, which HoloPhax had gone by
for 6 years.  He changed his handle to HoloPhax after an incident that took
place roughly a year ago when HoloPhax was busted for hacking Compuserve and
N.A.S.A. accounts.  Law enforcement officers had also tried to get him for
phreaking, but that attempt failed.

As far as the mysterious phone call before the bust, HoloPhax thinks that maybe
the PHBI got wind of what was going down and warned him.  How or why he doesn't
know.  It is really unknown as to why he is suspected of being a member of this
group.

HoloPhax admits a guilty plea for the charges of Illegal Entry (Hacking),
Defrauding the phone company (Phreaking), a little harassment, and possession
of stolen property.  He pleas innocent to the rest of the charges.

HoloPhax's last statement was that he will be back into hack/phreaking in the
near (maybe distant if convicted) future.  He is always available for
conferences if you have questions.

                   Information Provided by HoloPhax Phreaker
                    through interview with Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

Lightman's Stories...Hoax or Fact?                                July 20, 1986
----------------------------------
Many of you should remember last issue's article about David Lightman and Blade
Runner.  After that article was printed, many other points of view were brought
up.  The following does not necessarily represent the views of Phrack, Phrack
World News, or myself.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
According to Ryche, a phreak in the 214 NPA, David Lightman doesn't like Blade
Runner because of both the P.H.I.R.M. and Worlds Grave Elite kicking him out as
Co-Sysop of that board.

This of course made David Lightman very angry and he decided to change Blade
Runner's phone number.  This of course made Blade Runner very angry as well and
since he is over 18 years of age, he decided to call David's father and let him
know what his son has been up to.  Supposedly father and son had a long talk
and David lost his modem privileges for a while.

Ryche also cleared up the rumor about Blade Runner working for Southwestern
Bell Security.  David Lightman, using Credimatic, performed a credit check on a
name that he thought was Blade Runner's, but was in reality a relative of Blade
Runner.  Anyway what David found was that this person worked for ITT.  Now as
many of you should know, ITT has many subsidiaries that are non-Telcom related.
Nevertheless, David interpreted this guy as being Blade Runner and then for
unknown reasons started telling people that Blade worked for Southwestern Bell
Security.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
That was all Ryche had to say about the Lightman/Runner Controversy.  This is
what he says about David Lightman's "so-called" involvement with Captain
Midnight and the Administration Voice Mailbox.

When Lightman started his Administration Mailbox, several of the local rodents
decided to inform the FBI that Lightman was providing a way to defraud the
phone company in the mailbox service.  From then on, the FBI must have been
monitoring the mailbox themselves and when David told everyone that Captain
Midnight could receive messages there and that he called every week, this must
have made things very interesting.

Ryche also added," Dave set out to make everyone think he knew Captain Midnight
and he could reach him. He has also, in the past on phone conversations, said
that Captain Midnight was on Administration Board 1 or some Administration
board.  He has also told me and a few others that he was in the Legion Of
Doom."
                         Information Provided By Ryche
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Almost all of the above article was from posts on the Phrack board on Metal
Shop Private.  David Lightman said that all of what Ryche says is lies, but
that he was sick of discussing it and did not want to bring it up again.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
July 23, 1986

One Wednesday, July 23, 1986 a new message appeared on David Lightman's Voice
Mailbox that said something like this, 'Attention, please listen! From this day
forward, I will no longer be calling any BBSes.  I have run into trouble and I
cannot discuss it over the phone line.  Telecom College and the Secret Passage
on Castle Alcazar will be turned over to Radar Detr.  Any associates of mine
are warned to be very careful.  Any sysop whose BBS I was on is asked to delete
my account.  Again, I can not discuss this over the phone line.  It has really
been a blast knowing all of you guys over the past 4 years.  I have discovered
that no one is immune to getting caught.  I have also found out [studder
studder] that it [hacking/phreaking] is not worth the price you pay once you
are caught.  Please give this news to Knight Lightning and have him put it in
Phrack World News.  That is the best way I know of to warn my associates.
Again I cannot discuss this over the phone line, please do not call back.
That's about it, bye.'

Please note that the above is not Lightman's exact words, but it is the general
idea of what Lightman said.  Also, on the same day, Sticky Fingers a 214 NPA
phreak got a similar message on his voice mailbox.

On Wednesday evening at about 6:30 p.m. Mr. BiG, sysop of Phantasm Elite,
received a call from David Lightman (or rather someone using DL's password).
Lightman didn't post on this call which is unusual because Lightman always
posts when he calls.  David Lightman logged off at about 6:45 PM.  So if this
really was Lightman and he just didn't post then that places his "trouble" or
bust somewhere between 6:45 PM and 10:30 PM (When I called his mailbox).
Question:  Who gets busted in the evening?

The next day, July 24, Mark Time logged on to Castle Alcazar and saw that
Lightman was the last caller.  Again there were no new posts by David Lightman
on the board.  So, if Lightman was busted then the law enforcement agencies do
indeed have his BBS and password files.  The only other possibility is that
Lightman was not busted and that this is all a hoax performed for unknown
reasons.

On the same day, Ryche called Lightman to ask what the deal was.  He refused to
talk about it over the phone.  However, they did set a time that Lightman would
call him from a pay phone to discuss it.  Later, Lightman called Ryche back and
told him that he would not discuss the bust until "a few more things were
cleared up."

That evening, I learned from The Safe Cracker that David Lightman was not
actually busted and that he had received a call from AT&T Security about Blue
Boxing.  This could mean that they knew he boxed [however he lives in an ESS
area] or that he was on a boxed Alliance Teleconference.  Either way it matters
little.  Now nobody can get in touch with him and the message on his mailbox
has changed.

                Information Provided By Sticky Fingers & Ryche
_______________________________________________________________________________
