                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                    Volume One, Issue Five, Phile #10 of 12

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                  ///\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\\\
Metal Shop PRIVATE\\\  Phrack World News Issue 4 Part 1  ///_  _       _______
Metal Shop AE      \\\                                  ///| \/ |     / _____/
Metal Shop Brewery  \\\           Compiled by          /// |_||_|etal/ /hop
                     \\\                              ///  _________/ /
Present PWN IV        \\\///\\ Knight Lightning //\\\///  /__________/
--------------               \-^^^^^^-^^^^^^^^^-/             Triad
_______________________________________________________________________________

Phrack Inc. Vs. Master Lock Company                               April 1, 1986
-----------------------------------
Ok, yeah the date says April 1st, but this NOT a joke.  The following is a
letter from Chadbourne & Parke.  I am substituting "Taran King" for Taran's
real name.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 March 26, 1986

Dear Mr. King,
    This law firm is counsel to Master Lock Company.  Our client has recently
been alerted to the dissemination through a Bulletin Board Computer Service
located at your address of information potentially damaging to its commercial
interests and business relationships.  More particularly, we refer to the
publication by such computer service of instructions for picking combination
locks manufactured by Master Lock Company.

    We write to notify you of Master Lock Company's concern about the computer
service's actions and the seriousness with which it regards those actions.
Master Lock Company has every intention of preserving and protecting the
reputation and goodwill associated with its products and, if necessary, will
take every legal recourse available to it to do so.

    Under the present circumstances, however, our client would first like to
give you the opportunity to take measures to prevent activities that it can
only view as malicious both toward itself and toward its customers.  We
therefore request that you see to the immediate and permanent cessation of the
actions described above.  Your compliance with this request is all that is
required for an amicable resolution of this matter.

                  Your cooperation will be much appreciated.


                                                 Very truly yours,

                                                 Terrence J. Farrell
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This letter is of course talking about phile #6 of Phrack Issue I, entitled,
"How To Pick Master Locks".  It was kinda funny but they even had a misspelled
word in their letter, that I corrected above.  They sent it to Taran King in
certified mail, in which he had to sign for it.  Taran has since responded with
the following letter:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Dear Sirs,                                   4/1/86

    My name is Taran King, as you so easily researched, and I used to run Metal
Shop, an electronic bulletin board system.  I currently run a private line for
personal friends of mine, and if asked, I distribute "general files" for them.
The fact that I distributed the file is hardly the point.  I merely obtained it
from the authors of the file and distributed it to other sources, who
apparently distributed it other places.  If I am responsible for this file, I
believe you should find a number of other authors also.

    It is not only this file that you have written me about that the
information about the "secret" to picking Master locks is included in, but also
a number of other files that have been circulating for years.  It is old
information, someone just re-published it.  Although on this topic, I am not
well informed, I believe it is legal to print information on such a topic.  We
do not condone the actions promoted by the files, but merely inform the public
on the topic of this.  I hate to run on, but I wish to make my point as clearly
as possible.
    If I, being one of the people it was passed through, am responsible for the
crime rate today of people picking Master, American, or any other company's
locks, then I believe anyone who has the file, or has read books should be
arrested on this.  I believe Paladin Press publishes a number of books on this
topic.  I have seen one of the "Picking Master Locks in 3-Easy Steps!" type
books and as far as I know, it's still in publication and distribution.
    I hope I'm not sounding disrespectful or condescending, but it annoys me to
a great degree when I must be questioned by my father about a letter that has
come in the mail from a law firm in New York.  Please expect a letter from him
inquiring upon the topic that you have written me on.  If you wish to have
further discussion, feel free to call me at my voice line whenever you want to
at (314) XXX-XXXX.  Don't play funny like you did with the letter and reverse
the charges or something entertaining like that please.

                                            Sincerely,

                                            Taran King
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If any of you are wondering as to how they found Taran, well CN/A is not
exclusively for phone phreaks and the number to Metal Shop was published in
Phrack I in most of the files. My theory about how they found this file is:

A. Some agent type is looking around (hell we all know they are out there), he
   sees the file and passes it on to Master Lock Company;
B. Some rodent dork type whose dad works for Master Lock Company sees it and
   says, "Hey Dad, look, this is really neat!"

I guess it really doesn't matter... Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

Lex Luthor Speaks About TWCB                              Sunday March 22, 1986
----------------------------
The following is a message from Lex Luthor regarding TWCB Inc.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It has been brought to my attention that TWCB Inc. is "throwing around large
amounts of BS involving me". I have NEVER spoken to them, not on a conference,
bbs, or anything.

They have no affiliation with The Legion of Doom phreak group, nor The Legion
Of Hackers hack group. Any references they make regarding me or any member of
LOD or LOH should be disregarded since it's probably bullshit.

TUC is working on Project Educate but there are no dates as of yet when an
issue will be released. He scrapped the old first issue and is working on a
better quality newsletter. I don't really have anything to do with Project
Educate except that I may contribute some material.

I just thought I would clear this up and if anyone hears anything different,
please send me email with the information.

One other thing that is on my mind is how some phreaks/hacks put down 2600
Magazine as not being that great, not providing enough technical info, or
providing too technical, etc. Well compared to the other rags out there, 2600
does a pretty damn good job and are very consistent, you never have to worry
about getting ripped off by them, and they are trustworthy. I don't agree with
some of the ways they do things, but overall they are pretty good.

I just wanted to get a few things off my chest.

          Lex
_______________________________________________________________________________

TRASk, Animator, Ogre Ogre busted                            408 Under Siege
----------------------------------                           ---------------
This all happened towards the end of the week after the Phoenix Phortress Sting
Operation.

TRASk the sysop of Shattered World Elite, carded an IBM PC.  The person whose
house it was to be delivered, happened to be at home when it arrived.  The
owners promptly called the police who then set up a stake out and waited for an
unsuspecting TRASk to waltz over and pick it up.  TRASk did and of course was
caught red handed.

Walking up to the house but staying on the street was the Animator.  He didn't
like the looks of the situation and didn't stop walking.  He went to the home
of BelGarion and Ogre Ogre (brothers).  Unknown to him he had been followed
over.  Since he had cut school that day he stayed over there until 4PM.
BelGarion and Ogre Ogre went to Animator's house and took all his computer
equipment and illegally carded shit.  They hid it all in their house.  Minutes
after Animator left BelGarion's home, he was picked up by the police.  He was
then taken to Juvenile Detention where he found TRASk.

Meanwhile the police went to TRASk's house first and took all his shit
including the bbs, then over to Animator's.  When they got to Animator's house
and couldn't find anything, his little brother told them that BelGarion and
Ogre Ogre took everything. They then went to BelGarion's house where they found
not only Animator's carded material but BelGarion's and Ogre Ogre's as well.

The four of them spent the weekend together in Juvenile Detention.

The charges included:

o Fraudulent use of a credit card
o Grand theft
o Possession of stolen property

The merchandise found at BelGarion's was in excess of $3,000.

Being that BelGarion is 18 years old, Ogre Ogre, his younger brother, took full
responsibility for the crimes.  As a result the charges against BelGarion were
dropped.

The court case is expected to take place in mid-April 1986.

The interesting part about this story is that TRASk and the others were members
of the Nihilist Order.  This group had most of its members busted or under
surveillance already due to the Phoenix Phortress Sting Operation in Fremont,
California.  Is there a connection?

BelGarion says no, and that the Nihilist Order was really a loosely connected
bunch.  It was however started by TRASk and The Highwayman.

TRASk was released with a $100 fine and probation and 100 hours of community
(civil) service work.  His bbs, The Shattered World Elite, will be going back
up sometime in the future.

For information about the Phoenix Phortress Sting Operation see Phrack World
News Issue III.

  Information provided by BelGarion 408 in an interview with Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

Robin Hood and The Sultan Busted                                408 Under Siege
--------------------------------                                ---------------
This event took place around the last week of March in California, the 408
area.

Robin Hood had sprained his ankle at a wrestling meet and as a result was laid
up at home for several days.  On one such day, he awoke at 1:30 PM in the
afternoon to hear people outside his house, trying to force his doors opened.
Hobbling around on his crutches, he made it to the kitchen where he ran into
three police officers, two special investigators, and one guy from PacBell
Security.

His first cry was, "You had better have a warrant!"  Sure enough they did.  He
noticed MCI codes and dialups written on it as well as passwords to TRW.
(Editor's Note: Obviously what they were looking for.)   They went to his room
and went through his computer disks (one of which was labeled phreaking and
hacking, they jumped for that one), printouts, notebooks, and anything else
they could find.  They took everything including his modem, printer, phone, and
computer.

Among what was confiscated were printouts of Phrack Issues I-III, Hack
Newsletter (all issues to date), tons of other G-philes, and Lex Luthor's
Hacking Cosmos series.   Also taken were all of his board numbers he was on and
all his passwords.  Luckily for Metal Shop PRIVATE, he had not yet received the
new general password.  Boards that should be wary include the Alliance and
P-80.

His charges include:

o Annoying Calls (Scanning Prefixes)
o Defrauding the phone company
o Illegal entry (Hacking)
o Scanning MCI dialups (I don't know what the legal name for that would be)

His and Sultan's court case comes up on April 18th 1986 1:00 PM.

As for the Sultan, upon being busted, Robin Hood tried to get in touch with him
at school, not knowing that the group that had paid him a visit had come from
the Sultan's earlier around 11:30 AM.  When he finally did reach him around
4:00 PM after school at swim practice, it was much too late.  Sultan's dad
supposedly held a government related job. (I have no idea if it was a political
one or not).

The police had grabbed everything Sultan had as well, including his phone.
Since his bust he has had his phone line disconnected.

Robin Hood said that he was told that he had been under surveillance for 2-3
months previous to his arrest.

He also recalled that the police had a third warrant for someone in a different
town.  He did not recognize the name, nor did he hear anything about it later.

(Editor's Note: Their accounts on Metal Shop PRIVATE were removed long ago, so
 MSP users don't be worried.)

 Information provided by Robin Hood during an interview with Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

TWCB: Peter Arrested Again                                          TAP Trouble
--------------------------                                          -----------
In the last week of March, while on spring break, Peter of TWCB Inc. was
arrested (or maybe just picked up) for leaving his home while under a court
order to stay confined there under his mother's reconnaissance.

He was picked up by the same detective that busted TWCB Inc. in the first
place. Evidently he had been staking out their condominium for some time.

Not only does this add to their LARGE record and current charges, but it will
be used to show the court that TWCB's mom has no control over them.  This will
hurt their defense.

Many questions have arisen about the upcoming court case against TWCB.  Most
notably, how will they be able to publish TAP Magazine with such a record and
constant surveillance?  Since their bust was basically non-phreak/hack related
maybe there is no real reason to fear any problems arising of information
trading for a lighter sentence if (when) found guilty.

However, their bust also concerned fraudulent use of a credit card.  What if
that were to be tied in to phreak/hack bulletin boards?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Since the topic of TWCB has already been brought up, I'd like to mention some
of the other things that have been going on concerning them.

Fights breaking out between them and Sigmund Fraud have cleared up.  This does
not necessarily mean that they will not resume.  Fights with Slave Driver that
led to their being kicked off of Stronghold East Elite, have also cleared up.
Not wanting to have a reputation for kicking people off SEE for personal
reasons, Slave Driver has allowed TWCB to return.  It is not yet known if they
have done so as of yet.

On the other hand, with their co-sysop access, TWCB kicked Broadway Hacker off
of Spectre III (Which is sysoped by The Overlord of 815).  He in turn kicked
them off of the Radio Station BBS.  Hostilities raged between the two, but
Broadway Hacker publicly apologized on Metal Shop (and I suppose on several
other bbses as well) to TWCB, and asked them to remove their vulgar posts about
him.  TWCB made no comment.

Broadway Hacker did kick TWCB off The Radio Station.  Later he welcomed them
back on, but now with their refusal to call, his invitation no longer exists.
_______________________________________________________________________________

SBS Acquisition Completed                                            March 1986
-------------------------
On February 28, MCI completed its acquisition of Satellite Business Systems
from IBM in exchange for approximately 47 million shares of MCI Common stock,
of 16.7 percent of the 282 million shares now outstanding.  The Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) approved the transfer to MCI of authorizations
held by SBS on February 14.  The transaction was announced as an agreement in
principle on June 25, 1985.

The majority of SBS employees have joined MCI, bringing MCI's employment to
14,800.

Initially, for SBS's 200,000 customers, the acquisition brings no change in
service or rates.  Eventually, the SBS system will be combined with MCI's more
extensive domestic and international network.

                       Taken from MCI World, March 1986
_______________________________________________________________________________

                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                    Volume One, Issue Five, Phile #11 of 12

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                  ///\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\\\
Metal Shop PRIVATE\\\  Phrack World News Issue 4 Part 2  ///_  _       _______
Metal Shop AE      \\\                                  ///| \/ |     / _____/
Metal Shop Brewery  \\\           Compiled by          /// |_||_|etal/ /hop
                     \\\                              ///  _________/ /
Present PWN IV        \\\///\\ Knight Lightning //\\\///  /__________/
--------------               \-^^^^^^-^^^^^^^^^-/             Triad
_______________________________________________________________________________

More Computel                                             Sunday March 29, 1986
-------------                                             ---------------------
The following post was seen on Stronghold East Elite on the above date,
concerning Computel.  I am reprinting it in Phrack for the sole purpose to
spread this important news and to help 2600 Magazine get to the bottom of this
mess, and to help everyone get their money back.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
People,
    PLEASE tell us whatever you know about Computel, even if it doesn't seem
important.  We are charging full speed ahead with our investigation and we've
already uncovered some wild things but we can't reveal what we have until we're
finished. We also need info on that old magazine called Tel from the 70's.

Yes, we did determine that there was a connection between the two but that's
all we can say right now.  Any info or even back copies would help. We need
people to actually complain about losing money.  So far that's been the hardest
thing to do.  Phone phreaks as a rule don't seem to want to put their name on
anything, but if you've lost money, this is the only way we can get it back for
you and at the same time, stop this operation.

We need people who live near or in Van Nuys, California. We need those of you
with special access to credit information or phone information to get in touch
with us. PLEASE DON'T DELAY!  Send us E-mail or call (516) 751-2600.

                      Information posted by 2600 Magazine
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Editor's Note: Thomas Covenant added that he had heard that Computel is
               unregistered and plans on staying that way.  Thus the Better
               Business Bureau can do nothing.
_______________________________________________________________________________

Dr. Who in Trouble                                       Tuesday March 31, 1986
------------------
The following is Lex Luthor's interpretation and information on the Dr. Who
story.  He also discusses Twilight Zone and Catch 22.  It was posted in several
places (most notably Stronghold East Elite) and was confirmed in interview with
Lex Luthor by Knight Lightning on April 4, 1986.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Twilight Zone will be back up in 1-2 weeks. Those who Marauder wants on
will be contacted with all the new logon info, along with a number to reach it
at.  He has been doing some mods to the software so the board has been down.
Silver Spy, Sysop of Catch-22 has had some phone problems and as soon as the
phone company fixes it he will have it back up. Both boards did go down for a
few days after the Doctor Who bust, but after we found out why he was busted,
the boards went back up.

The Secret Service came to Who's house and took everything, he was not home at
the time, but after 1-2 days, they finally got around to questioning him. As
you know, the Secret Service has been doing a lot of credit card
investigations. Initially Pit Fiend of CA was busted for carding (Editor's
Note: See last issue's quick notes as to Pit Fiend) and at the time he was
speaking w/Who from time to time, thus some believe Who's bust was a result of
P.F. leaking info to the S.S.

LOD/H was not shaken up too much from Who's bust mainly because it was not
Phreak/Hack related, merely credit related which LOD/H is not involved in. Who
did not card anything, but we believe the S.S.'s motive for busting him was use
of TRW. Incidentally, Who had a DNR on his line for 7 months some say it was
for over a year, but either way, its a hell of a long time! That's about it,
anyone need specific details, or heard anything otherwise let me know.

                                      Lex

                      Information provided by Lex Luthor

(Editor's Note: Lex Luthor also mentioned that Dr. Who is being sued by AllNet)
_______________________________________________________________________________

2300 Club Members Busted                                              Cleveland
------------------------                                              ---------
Two have been caught for fraudulent use of a credit card and one has been
arrested for car theft.

The 2300 Club is now being compared and treated as a miniature mafia by local
authorities.  This is mainly for other crimes including the blowing up of cars.
King Blotto was, at one time at least, a member of this group.  There is
absolutely NO information regarding King Blotto as being busted or as still
being a member of the 2300 Club.
_______________________________________________________________________________

New Phreak/Hack Group                                             April, 6 1986
---------------------
The Dark Creaper (916), Brew Associates (215), Major Havoc (301), and one other
whose handle is unknown to me at the current time are forming a new phreak/hack
group.  Its name is "The IBM Syndicate".  They are currently looking for
members to join.  Their bulletin boards, which are currently more or less
public, will very soon be going private, thus making it harder to become a
member.  Eventually the group will have 2 bbses and 2 AEs.  Mainly for the
exchange of files and IBM kracked wares.  All of these bbses will be run on of
course IBM, and I assume that having an IBM is a requirement to become a
member.

  Information provided by Dark Creaper through interview by Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

Oryan Quest Busted/415 Gets Hit Again                             April 6, 1986
-------------------------------------
On Wednesday, April 2nd 1986, Oryan Quest was arrested on charges of computer
invasion.  Technically they only had him on one charge but later evidence
accounted for the other two.

Oryan Quest was "busted" for hacking AT&T Mail, which is roughly similar to MCI
Mail. He had three different accounts, but the San Mateo Police and FBI only
had suspicion of one.  When they searched his home they found two more written
down.

The charges against Oryan Quest were dropped for several reasons:

1. Illegal Search (they didn't have a warrant)
2. Police Brutality and Harassment (pushed him around and slammed his head into
   a car)

The authorities searched his house while Oryan Quest was at school, which is
where they later arrested him.

What was taken includes the following:

Loads of computer disks
All printouts (his entire g-phile library)
10 Meg drive
Assorted Boxes (Blue, Red, Green, Silver)

His passwords, bbs numbers, codes, etc were undiscovered. (He believes)

No court date had been set as of yet, and it is believed that the prosecuting
attorney will drop the case due to the earlier illegal proceedings by the SMPD.

Prior to his arrest the SMPD had been monitoring his line and had found that he
was scanning prefixes.  This is however is inadmissible in a court of law
because at the time that they were monitoring his line there was not sufficient
evidence for such action.

AT&T Mail was accessible through an 800 number, which Oryan Quest did call
direct.

Some words from Oryan
---------------------
"I have no intention of quitting hacking."

"My mistake was calling an 800 number direct and for fucking around with AT&T
in the first place."

"I am more of a hacker than a phreak."

(Editor's note: When asked how he felt about what was happening he replied,
"I'm not worried about it.")
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some other interesting facts about Oryan was that he held a part time job as a
PacTel Operator.  He, being 15 years old, had lied about his age (saying he was
16), but now has been fired.

Also SRI has given him a job offer for computer security.  He is thinking about
it but doesn't plan on accepting it.

   Information provided by Oryan Quest through interview by Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

Overlord 815 Arrested For Check Fraud
-------------------------------------
                   "The only reason I got caught was greed."

That was the Overlord (815)'s first statement to me during an interview on
April 6, 1986.  He says that originally, a long time ago, he concentrated on
Western Union, but then later turned to credit card fraud.  As he progressed,
he learned that credit card fraud only worked about 5% of the time.  He wanted
something that worked 100% of the time.  He found it...check fraud.

In his home town he acquired around $4,000 worth of equipment from 3 stores.
Some of the merchandise consisted of an Apple //e (with every card possible,
the best drives, monitors, etc...), a complete Commodore 128 system, and ten
packs of disks for good measure. His downfall was going back to one of the same
stores the next day to try it again.

He was instantly caught and tricked by the police to reveal more than he would
have if he had really known his rights.

Check fraud is a felony crime.  Although I myself am uninformed as to how to
perform the art of check fraud, it must require a phone because Overlord (815)
informs me that the police have labeled his crime as Telefelony.  The actual
charge however is for "theft by deception".

His home was not searched and he has given all the merchandise back.

He had told me that he plans to stop running his bulletin board Spectre III and
sell his computer.  This is mainly so he cannot be referred to as a computer
hacker.  IE: The prosecuting lawyer would ask, "Do you have a computer?!" He
can truthfully say NO.

He plans to have the bbs run from the home of The Master (815) and the number
would stay the same.

Another account of this story by TWCB Inc, says that Overlord has changed his
mind and is not selling his computer or taking down Spectre III.

The court date is set at April 9, 1986, Overlord (815) says that the worst that
can happen is probation, a fine, civil service work, or any combination of the
three.

 Information provided by Overlord (815) during interview with Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

TAP: Latest News From TWCB                                        April 8, 1986
--------------------------
Well, as many of you may have noticed, TWCB Inc. did not fulfill their promise
of having TAP Magazine out by April 7, 1986.  When asked about this on that
date, they replied that they had all the stuff, but it had to be typeset,
formatted, printed, and distributed.  They estimated that they could have it
done in another four days.  This secondary deadline was also not achieved.

The writers (according to TWCB) include:

    Abbie Hoffman/Ace/Final Impulse/Gary Seven/Knight Lightning/Mark Tabas/
Taran King/Susan Thunder/The Bootleg/The Cracker/The Firelord/The Metallian/TUC

The magazines supporting TAP include:

        Mad Mad Magazine/High Times/Bootlegger Magazine/Hacker Magazine

Scan Man dropped himself from the TAP Staff.

By issue #6, TWCB plans to have a 112 page magazine.  This is due to the fact
that by then they plan to be receiving many more articles and will have several
more companies advertising.

The first issue of TAP Magazine will have articles on the following topics:

ISDN: Parts by Taran King and The Bootleg
Fiber Optics
Cellular Phones
Satellite Jamming
Moving Satellites
The Teltec Bust: Surfer Bill/The Firelord/TWCB Inc/Knight Lightning
Dr. Who Bust
History of TAP
RSTS 8.0
Signalling Systems: Taken from Phrack Inc. Newsletter
Introduction to PBXs: by Knight Lightning, taken from Phrack Inc. Newsletter
ROLM: By Monty Python, taken from Phrack Inc. Newsletter
MCI Overview: by Knight Lightning, taken from Phrack Inc. Newsletter
New BBS Laws: by Sally Ride, taken from Bootlegger Magazine
Cosmos: by Lex Luthor and the Legion of Hackers, taken from Bootlegger Magazine
Private Audience: by Final Impulse, taken from Phrack Inc. Newsletter
UNIX: by The Cracker
MAX Profile: by Phantom Phreaker, taken from Phrack Inc. Newsletter
Crashing Dec 10s: by The Mentor, taken from Phrack Inc. Newsletter
Pak Time: by Kerrang Khan
Techniques of Tracing
ESS: by Mark Tabas

   Information provided by TWCB Inc. during interview with Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

Quick Notes
-----------
On March 23, 1986, The Radio Station BBS in New York celebrated its one year
anniversary.  It now has one meg of storage online.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The rumor that Taran King was on a talk/news program in New York discussing
hacking is completely wrong.  Dead Lord started it, but as yet no one knows
why.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Tempest in 805 was burglarized in March.  His computer and all other
equipment among other things were stolen.  This of course explains his absence
from the bbs world for a while.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A reasonably new IBM kracking group, which was formally the Imperial Warlords,
now known as Five-O, are re-kracking software and claiming it to be original by
themselves. Futhermore they are placing insulting messages inside the software
towards certain individuals.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Kidd of 408 got busted for busted for selling codes at his school for five
dollars a piece.  There was no particular company mentioned.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Video Stalker (408) carded some stuff to the home of Sinbad!  Sinbad! told him
that he would sign for the stuff, and when he did, he was arrested.  No more
details available.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Tunnel, one of Austin, Texas's oldest phreak/hack boards, has come out of
the closet.  The Tunnel was revealed on the local news to be run by the
computer crime division of the Austin Police Department. The two main goals of
the board were to A) catch carders and B) catch Mentor and Cisban Evil Priest
trying to sell those stolen computers.  They were very successful at A.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stronghold East elite has announced its new advisors.  Hack Advisor: Lex Luthor
Phreak Advisor: Blue Buccaneer.  The soon plan to have a name change due to the
fact that Apple Commander of Stronghold North insists they the two boards are
affiliated while Slave Driver and Equalizer of Stronghold East feel
differently.  With instruction from Lex Luthor, SEE has enacted new security
measures.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thanx to 2600 Magazine, Stronghold East Elite now has the complete court
transcripts of the bust that took place early last summer, most notably
concerning Private Sector and 6 others, online for viewing.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sigmund Fraud has been discharged as co-sysop of the Radio Station bbs.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Captain Crunch of 512 has stated that an auto-dial program that he wrote and
uploaded was copied by TWCB Inc., who then claimed it as their own and signed
their name in it.
_______________________________________________________________________________

                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                    Volume One, Issue Five, Phile #12 of 12

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                  ///\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\\\
Metal Shop PRIVATE\\\  Phrack World News Issue 4 Part 3  ///_  _       _______
Metal Shop AE      \\\                                  ///| \/ |     / _____/
Metal Shop Brewery  \\\           Compiled by          /// |_||_|etal/ /hop
                     \\\                              ///  _________/ /
Present PWN IV        \\\///\\ Knight Lightning //\\\///  /__________/
--------------               \-^^^^^^-^^^^^^^^^-/             Triad
_______________________________________________________________________________

             Demise of Phreakdom in Florida:  The Story of Teltec

                  Interview with Surfer Bill by The Firelord

                          Written by Knight Lightning
===============================================================================
Firelord (FL):  Bill, I wanted to ask you some stuff on that bust you were
                telling me about.

Surfer Bill (SB):  Yeah, whatta ya want to know?

FL: Who the hell got busted?

SB: Well, you wanna know who knows a hell of a lot more than me is Jack Flack.
    He has the subpoena, it's about 40 pages, it lists every single one of
    their names, and all the charges word for word, it's incredible.

FL: Jack Flack isn't accepting phone calls, it's probably not a very good idea.

SB: Teltec is based in Miami, they got really pissed off that everyone was
    abusing their services.  I mean using their codes and things like that.
    These people aren't stupid. I mean they know if you've got a sequential
    hacker on.  They know because what happens is that their computer registers
    every single bad code.  So If they see 20000, 20001, 20002, and keeps on
    going registering as bad codes and all of the sudden 20011 doesn't
    register, but 20012 does then they know that 20011 is a good code.  What
    they will do is monitor this code and watch it for abnormal usage. They
    will be sitting there saying, 'Hey this code has been getting a lot of use
    in the past few days.'  Then they will put a tracer on, trace the person,
    tap the line, and start amassing information about the line owner. It is
    like putting a noose around your own neck!

    Basically what I heard is happening down here is that, I believe, there are
    five bulletin board systems in the Miami/Fort Lauderdale/Boca Raton area
    that they are after.

    Caeser's Palace (Sysoped by Caeser D, Whose real name is John Kessler)
    Parasec  (Sysoped by Mark Barochich {sic})
    COPS
    Apple Tree, not Apple Tree I or Apple-Tree II, it was the Apple Tree Phreak
                BBS, that one everyone now knows as the Catfur.
    And Plovernet (305).

FL: Didn't you say that Teltec planted agents on all these boards?

SB: Yeah, that's what I was getting to.  I don't know for a fact or anything
    but, what I hear is that Teltec employees posed as undercover hackers or
    phreakers and got on to the above listed boards.  They had handles and
    infiltrated the system, having everyone believe that they were phreakers.
    Cause what they did was, well obviously they knew what they were talking
    about after all they worked for the company.  They posted really educated
    information.  From there I believe they actually posted some Teltec codes.
    There again, some of this is rumor, some of this is fact, I really couldn't
    tell you which was which.

FL: Well who all was busted?

SB: Jack Flack, Caeser D (John Kessler), Demetrius Cross, Dave Peters, several
    others of course.  One whole family got busted, the father, the son, and
    the daughter.  There is a list of thirty-eight people, their actual names
    were published in the Miami Review, which is a lawyer newspaper that goes
    to all the lawyers and judges in the Miami area.  Another interesting thing
    is that the list mentioned a John Doe and a Jane Doe. There was a clause
    that said these two people are to be named at a later date, so who knows
    who that could be or even it was more than one person.

FL: You say Lex Luthor escaped?

SB: Yes he did.

FL: They were gonna snag him, but he escaped to California.

SB: I don't know exactly if they had him or whether they were gonna bust him or
    not but I know he was not mentioned.

FL: Maybe he was one of the John or Jane Doe people.

SB: Most of the stuff that I know is basically public information so I don't
    know anything about that John and Jane Doe stuff.

SB: An important point is that the Teltec agents posted some codes and then
    monitored those codes.  I believe they cannot bust you for using those
    numbers because that's a form of entrapment.  Instead what they'll do is
    monitor the calls, trace the calls, and then they will know who they are
    dealing with.

FL: They'll hook up a dialed number recorder (DNR) on the line.

SB: Well what this whole deal is doing is sorta pointing a finger of blame.
    Both people are wrong, Teltec is wrong in using entrapment to try and catch
    you, and you are wrong for using their codes to phreak.  So what they do is
    keep an eye on you.  So then they say "ah ha" this guy, John Doe over here
    is using this code.  We know he has been abusing our system and now we are
    gonna keep an eye on him.  So when this code goes dead, we're gonna watch
    and see if he uses any different ones and if he does, we'll bust him.

    The main thing that's gonna come out of this court case is that they are
    gonna go after the the 5 people that were the system operators of the
    bbses. They're not really after the average user, what I think is happening
    is that the average users are going to be used as witnesses against the
    system operators.

    The scary part about this case is that it is really pretty big because, it
    may set a precedent.  If the judge rules in favor of Teltec and then Teltec
    presses charges, the subpoena says that there is a minimal of $5000 damage,
    and that's what they're seeking.  So its gotta be well over $5000 damages.
    I tell you one thing, from the amount of money and information Teltec has
    put into this they are really determined to press charges.  They invested a
    lot of money as far as lawyers and investigators.  Another scary part of
    this story is that Teltec has not made the evidence that they have against
    the thirty-eight people public, as far as I know, and that's what everyone
    is afraid of.  The average user doesn't know what he is up against.

FL: I bet the majority of the people on those boards are scared shitless now.

SB: Oh yeah, everybody is, its like the whole city of Miami is.  Also I hear
    that Sprint and MCI will be cracking down in the future.  They are most
    likely waiting to see how this case goes.

FL: Is Teltec the major service down there that everybody uses?

SB: Not really, it's one of many.  The popular one these days is MCI cause it
    only has those 5 digit codes.

FL: I heard Teltec gave shitty connections.

SB: Yeah, that's funny because, I was talking to Jack Flack, and I said if you
    wanna crack up the people in the courtroom and you know that they are
    definitely gonna bust you, and that you're guilty beyond a shadow of a
    doubt, make a joke if they ask you what you know about Teltec say, "Alls I
    know about Teltec is that their connections to California are really
    shitty!"  I don't know if they'd be too happy about hearing that one!

FL: So they are really gonna take care of this aren't they?

SB: Yeah but Teltec's main goal is to really get the system operators. You
    should read this subpoena here, it talks about the system operators.
    It says that the sysops "organized, financed, directed, and oversaw the
    illicit posting and trading of Teltec codes"  "They failed to delete the
    messages containing illegal information."  You see so the sysops are guilty
    cause they didn't delete the messages.

FL: The thing that could've solved all this is if people used random hackers
    and random destination numbers, like MegaPhreak.

SB: Another point is that even though you may be using a random hacker, most
    people aren't gonna be using the system at 3 a.m. to 4 a.m.  The best time
    to scan is during normal business hours.

FL: That's true, after all you don't need 10,000 codes.

SB: Well anyway, I think that they are really after the system operators.  And
    if Teltec wins this case it will set a precedent.  If all that happens then
    I expect that we are gonna see a lot more of these cases popping up all
    around the country.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Editor's notes: There is some talk about there actually being 6 boards being
                busted and not just 5.  Also the reference that Lex Luthor had
                any involvement or close calls with Teltec is only rumor.
                Other reports from 305ers who wish to remain un-named state
                that MCI has indeed stepped up its war on phreakers and
                hackers.  Sysops, I really hope you watch who you let on.

                Remember, a filter or fee for a bbs can easily be handled by
                agents or investigators.  The best way to check on people is
                through references.

                TWCB was also online during this interview, but as they gave
                little or no input to the actual content of this file all
                remarks from TWCB have been screened as they were worthless.

                The original interview was done on a conference and recorded on
                cassette tape which was delivered to me.  After which I wrote
                this file.  This file was given permission to be printed in
                Phrack World News by The Firelord of 307 NPA.

- Knight Lightning
_______________________________________________________________________________

Telephone Testimony                                                  March 1986
-------------------
Chairman Bill McGowan made a point to the House Subcommittee on
Telecommunications.  In testimony before the recently reconvened hearings on
telephone industry competition, McGowan spoke against the "diversification
frenzy" of the Bell Operating Companies (BOCs).  He told the congressional
subcommittee that the industry is still in the transition to full competition
and cautioned against replacing a regulated monopoly with seven unregulated
ones.
             Information taken out of MCI World, March 1986 Issue
_______________________________________________________________________________

Kaptain Krash Busted
--------------------
Kaptain Krash was caught stealing American Telephone & Telegraph's (AT&T)
Teleconferencing time through an 800 PBX posted on P-80.  He has been isolated
from other members of the underground by his parents.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note from Forest Ranger:

 - LET THIS BE A LESSON TO THOSE WHO USE 800 PBX'S. 800 PBX'S ARE LIKE MAKING
COLLECT CALLS AS TO WHERE YOUR NUMBER IS AUTOMATICALLY KNOWN.  SO IT IS VERY
EASY TO TRACE BACK TO YOU WHILE ON THE CONFERENCE OR A LATER CHECK WILL
INDICATE THE SAME FINDINGS.
                            Information Provided By
                 F.R. Communications Newsline Service (c) 1986
_______________________________________________________________________________

Metal Shop Private Cleans House
-------------------------------
On April 13, 1986, Taran King and Knight Lightning repurged the userlog
deleting over 100 users from Metal Shop Private.  This was mainly because of
non-callers clogging up the log and to make sure there would be no extra
accounts to lessen the security of the bbs.

People wishing to become members of Metal Shop Private, should contact Taran
King or Knight Lightning via email.  They then would be discussed with the
Metal Shop Staff etc.

_______________________________________________________________________________

Dan Pasquale Seeks New Entertainment
------------------------------------
This message is mainly for bbs sysops.  Have you been receiving more calls from
people in the 415 NPA?  In conversation with Dan Pasquale (See Phoenix
Phortress Article in PWN III) High Evolutionary was told that Dan plans to try
his hand at out of state bbses..."for fun."  Let it be remembered that Dan
Pasquale ran Phoenix Phortress BBS and as such saw posts for other phreak and
hack bbses.  Furthermore, as a bad habit, several bbsers seem to use the same
passwords in more than one place.  Therefore it is a possibility that Dan could
log on to bbses as someone else.

                         "The Radio Station Incident"

Oryan Quest had asked Broadway Hacker to remove him from the userlog for RS's
own security.  However BH decided not to do it at that time.  Roughly a week
later, someone using Oryan Quest's password logged onto the Radio Station BBS.
This person was completely computer illiterate.  Example: He typed "HELP"
instead of "?" for a menu.  When Broadway Hacker broke onto chat mode this
Oryan Quest dropped carrier.

Please note: Although the police had to drop charges on Oryan Quest because of
an illegal search this does not mean that the police couldn't have found his
passwords.

Broadway also mentioned a rash of new users applying from 415 NPA.

                                Sysops beware.

                         Some Information Provided By
                 Broadway Hacker/High Evolutionary/Oryan Quest
_______________________________________________________________________________

Maxfield Speaks
---------------
In a Detroit newspaper, John Maxfield was interviewed by a reporter.  Although
I do not have the article or all the facts pertaining to it, it is known that
the names mentioned include: Phantom Phreaker, High Evolutionary, Scan Man,
Music Major, The Bootleg, and Slave Driver.

It is believed that Maxfield had acquired these names from P-80.  However this
is pure speculation.

                    Information Provided By Various Sources
_______________________________________________________________________________

