                                ==Phrack Inc.==

                    Volume One, Issue Eight, Phile #8 of 9

PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                            Phrack World News                            PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                          Issue Seven/Part One                           PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                Compiled and Written by Knight Lightning                 PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN

On The Home Front
-----------------
Well lots of things have been happening around here in the past few weeks.
For starters, I received a call from Ralph Meola.  Apparently someone had left
his secretary with a message that I had called.  Prior to this, someone named
Steve had left a message as well which Ralph had assumed was Slave Driver.   He
called Steve first, mainly to discuss the letter that was sent to him via PWN
issue V.  Well eventually he got around to calling me.  Not too much was said,
but he wanted to clear up some misconceptions about his encounter with Sigmund
Fraud.  Meola claims that he never threatened Sigmund Fraud about getting his
account to Stronghold East.   Futhermore, he claims only to have called him
because SF had posted several AT&T Calling Cards on an unnamed west coast bbs.
Sigmund Fraud still publicly claims that what he said originally was true,
but privately admitted that he was lying.

Some other developments would include an imposter of myself who is running
around on bulletin boards.  Two of the boards that he is on include Elite
Connection (303) and Green Galaxy (714).  I have never called these boards and
I advise the sysops to remove "my" accounts as this is not me.

On the lighter side, Metal Shop Private now has 20 Megs of online storage.  The
G-phile library has been re-installed including most of the files from Metal
Shop AE and Metal Shop Private is once again the official Phrack distribution
center.

Metal Shop AE is down for the time being because Cheap Shades has left for
college, but he has since brought forth a new system known as the Quick Shop.
All former MS AE members have been entered into QS's bbs log.  Metal Shop
Brewery has lost its modem and its hard drive is fried, so it will be gone for
a while.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
>From TeleComputist Staff:

We apologize for the unoriginality of the free issue.  The free issue was put
out with the intentions of gaining the trust of the public and in doing so we
neglected to come up with completely original material.   However, future
issues will be much shorter and contain only original information from the
editor's themselves.

TeleComputist no longer consists of set writers and anyone may submit articles.
Please note that if you submit an article, make sure that it has not been
distributed or seen by anyone else, otherwise we will not accept it.

For subscription information and submission of articles;

                            TeleComputist Newsletter
                                 P.O. Box 2003
                          Florissant, Missouri 63032
_______________________________________________________________________________

Boston Busts                                                     August 9, 1986
------------
A couple of weeks prior to the above date, Dr. Who came to visit Recent Change
and The Clashmaster. Well, he apparently had cashed roughly 16 checks belonging
to one John Martino (a man who lives down the street from him).  Around August
4, 1986, Dr. Who and Telenet Bob were picked up in a store in North Adams,
Massachusetts.  They were trying to pass off another check.

The police were on the scene very shortly and they were taken in.  Dr. Who told
the police inspector about a PDP-11/23 when asked about it.  He had frauded
this at Harvard University and told them that RC Modeler (also known as Recent
Change) had it.  They converged on a sleeping RC who confessed everything.

Dr. Who is being charged with 16 counts of theft.
RC Modeler is being charged with larceny & possibly as an accomplice to theft.
Telenet Bob is being charged with 1 count of attempted theft.

Dr. Who and RC Modeler are reportedly out of the scene permanently and Dr. Who
may be serving some prison time.  Also, RC Modeler, when being questioned, was
asked about Legion of Doom.  This is VERY strange since we cannot figure out
quite WHY this was asked.

Sysops are asked to clear their accounts form any bbs they were on.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following is the interpretation of the same events as described by the
Concord Journal.  The real names of the phreaks involved have been censored.

Computer Theft Charge
---------------------
An 18-year-old Concord man was charged on August 5, 1986 with stealing a $3,300
computer [PDP-11/23 with Venix software] from Harvard University and a portable
stereo from an unknown store by using checks, police allege he knew to be
forged, to pay for the items, police said.

RC Modeler, was charged with two counts of larceny over $100, police said.
[Also, accessory to the crime, RC says.]

Police issued a warrant for RC's arrest after being tipped-off by the North
Adam's police that he had allegedly made purchases with checks they alleged to
be stolen and forged.

North Adam's police, according to reports, arrested Doctor Who, of Lenox, MA.
[and Telenet Bob], and charged him with using stolen and forged checks earlier
this month.  Police said Who told them about RC's purchases.  They said Who
wrote checks for the purchase of the computer equipment and the stereo for RC.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well, RC might get off with 3 years of probation (including possible drug
testing according to RC.).  Dr. Who's court set is set for August 25, 1986.
He will most likely be doing some prison time unfortunately.  Please address
all further questions to The Clashmaster.

                    Information Provided By The Clashmaster
_______________________________________________________________________________


Portrait Of The Typical Computer Criminal                       August 11, 1986
-----------------------------------------
from PC Week Magazine

In studying the typical computer criminal, the National Center for Computer
Crime Data, in L.A., may have recently shattered some common myths.

Rather than being some genius computer programmer, according to the center's
recently published report, the typical computer criminal is just that: quite
typical. He's most often a male, with an average age of 22, and if not, he's
next likely to be 19. Chances are he's a programmer, but if that job
description doesn't fit, he's most likely a student or an input clerk.

Less than 5% of the time, this criminal will be either unskilled or unemployed,
and less than 2%  of the time will he be a computer executive.

In more than 40% of the cases that the center studied, criminals stole money,
and if cash wasn't their style, they split between stealing information or
programs and damaging software.

For these crimes, 4/5ths of those caught had to pay a fine or do community
service or both, or serve less than 6 months in jail.  In close to 1/5th of the
cases, the criminal's only punishment was to make restitution.

Some notes from Sally Ride:::Space Cadet
----------------------------------------
Pisses me off! How dare they suggest we are not GENIUS computer programmers! Oh
wait a minute, I know why they screwed up the statistics! They haven't caught
the geniuses, so we throw off the statistical skew since we're still free.

Also I think it's high time computer executives start accounting for their fair
share of computer crime! They probably don't get in the statistics either since
they pull off the really big money rip-offs and it doesn't get published by the
high power companies they work for so the public keeps faith in them.

               Information Provided By Sally Ride:::Space Cadet
_______________________________________________________________________________

Dan Pasquale:  Still Hostile or Ancient History?              September 8, 1986
------------------------------------------------
Some updated information on Sergeant Dan Pasquale (Fremont, CA Police
Department) aka The Revenger here.  Supposedly he has been calling Oryan QUEST
on several occasions and filling in Oryan as to his plans on whom to bust.
However, an investigation into the truth of this matter shows otherwise.

Most recently, Oryan QUEST informed me that Dan Pasquale was  trying to gain
information on The Yakuza.  I told The Yakuza about this and had him call Dan
himself to find out what was going on.

Apparently he had no idea of who he was and had no idea of what he was talking
about. He just said he'd no idea what I was talking about.  He also said that
he'd heard about a Shooting Shark incident much like this one. The Rocker of
Speed Demon Elite also has called him claiming a similar story.  The weird
thing is, he also claims to not have talked to Oryan QUEST since around the
beginning of summer.  [Please note that Shooting Shark and The Rocker have been
disliked by Oryan QUEST for some time and that situation has not changed].

Dan seemed pretty lax, didn't get excited, and seemed like a decent person all
around.  He said he hadn't been on a board for at least 3 months and that board
was a legit one at that.  He concluded by saying he didn't know who or why
these rumors were starting up.

Some last things to add, Dan said that he isn't into busting phreaks/hackers
and all that stuff anymore.  He just proved his point with Phoenix Phortress,
took his raise, and got out of the deal.  He is now teaching at the academy and
is doing patrols.  But, aside from that, he claims to have nothing at all to do
with the modem world.

                  Information Provided By [%] The Yakuza [%]

           Please refer to past issues of Phrack World News for more
             information on Dan Pasquale and/or Phoenix Phortress
_______________________________________________________________________________

Zigmond Exposed                                               September 1, 1986
---------------
Finally after months of confusion and question, the truth about Daniel Zigmond
is out.  It would appear that Zigmond is not an on-staff programmer at Carnegie
Mellon University after all, but instead was a sort of part time worker there.
Indeed, Daniel just graduated high school with the class of 1986 and currently
attends the University of Pittsburgh this fall.  He started part time work at
CMU on April 1, 1984 (April Fools? Not this time).

He does have a book coming out on Lisp programming which is what he did at
Carnegie Mellon.  All of this information came from his boss at CMU.  As for
Amiga World, Daniel has submitted a few articles, but he isn't "on staff."
This came from his Amiga World editor.

The reason there is nothing listed in his TRW account now is obvious since he
is not old enough to have obtained credit cards, bought a car/house, or much of
anything else.

Zigmond says he lied about his age because he thought he would get more
respect.  He thought that people would think he was a rodent if they knew he
was only 17 years old.

Daniel Zigmond received(s) quite a lot of prank phone calls, including a bomb
threat that brought the police to his house, and I ask everyone to stop.  He
tried to screw around with the phreak/hack community, but no damage was done.
Its time to leave him alone because ragging serves no purpose.

As for his article...only time will tell, but the general idea is that he made
that up too just so he could become involved with the phreak/hack community.

              Information Provided and Researched by Lucifer 666
_______________________________________________________________________________

Maxfield Strikes Again                                          August 20, 1986
----------------------                                          ---------------
Many of you probably remember a system known as "THE BOARD" in the Detroit 313
NPA.  The number was 313-592-4143 and the newuser password was
"HEL-N555,ELITE,3" (then return).  It was kind of unique because it was run off
of an HP2000 computer.

On the Private Sector BBS (Sponsored by 2600 Magazine), Bill From RNOC had
posted a list of numbers that were related to John Maxfield and while none of
the numbers were anything close to the bbs number listed above, Bill reminded
us that Maxfield was the proud owner of an HP2000 computer.

This started started several people (including Sally Ride:::Space Cadet and
myself) thinking that there might be a connection.  Using resources that I
cannot reveal, I was able to prove that "THE BOARD" was indeed a
Maxfield/BoardScan operation.  I also had learned that the BBS number itself
really had call forwarding to one of Maxfield's own numbers.  On August 15,
1986 I made this knowledge semi-public and warned Sally Ride:::Space Cadet and
Ax Murderer (who lives locally to Maxfield).  Unfortunately these warnings were
in vain because on August 20, 1986 the following messages were found and sent
to me by Sally Ride.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                Welcome to MIKE WENDLAND'S I-TEAM sting board!
                   (Computer Services Provided By BOARDSCAN)
                             66 Megabytes Strong

                           300/1200 baud - 24 hours.

                      Three (3) lines = no busy signals!
                        Rotary hunting on 313-534-0400.


Board:   General Information & BBS's
Message: 41
Title:   YOU'VE BEEN HAD!!!
To:      ALL
From:    HIGH TECH
Posted:   8/20/86 @ 12.08 hours

Greetings:

You are now on THE BOARD, a "sting" BBS operated by MIKE WENDLAND of the
WDIV-TV I-Team.  The purpose?  To demonstrate and document the extent of
criminal and potentially illegal hacking and telephone fraud activity by the
so-called "hacking community."

Thanks for your cooperation.  In the past month and a half, we've received all
sorts of information from you implicating many of you to credit card fraud,
telephone billing fraud, vandalism, and possible break-ins to government or
public safety computers.  And the beauty of this is we have your posts, your
E-Mail and--- most importantly ---your REAL names and addresses.

What are we going to do with it?  Stay tuned to News 4.  I plan a special
series of reports about our experiences with THE BOARD, which saw users check
in from coast-to-coast and Canada, users ranging in age from 12 to 48.  For our
regular users, I have been known as High Tech, among other ID's.  John Maxfield
of Boardscan served as our consultant and provided the HP2000 that this "sting"
ran on.  Through call forwarding and other conveniences made possible by
telephone technology, the BBS operated remotely here in the Detroit area.

When will our reports be ready?  In a few weeks.  We now will be contacting
many of you directly, talking with law enforcement and security agents from
credit card companies and the telephone services.

It should be a hell of a series.  Thanks for your help.  And don't bother
trying any harassment.  Remember, we've got YOUR real names.

Mike Wendland
The I-team
WDIV, Detroit, MI.


Board:   General Information & BBS's
Message: 42
Title:   BOARDSCAN
To:      ALL
From:    THE REAPER
Posted:   8/20/86 @ 12.54 hours

This is John Maxfield of Boardscan.  Welcome!  Please address all letter bombs
to Mike Wendland at WDIV-TV Detroit.  This board was his idea.

The Reaper (a.k.a. Cable Pair)


Board:   General Information & BBS's
Message: 43
Title:   BOARDSCAN
To:      ALL
From:    AX MURDERER
Posted:   8/20/86 @ 13.30 hours

Hey guys, he really had us for awhile.  For any of you who posted illegal shit,
I feel sorry for you.  I just can't wait to see his little news article.  Cable
Pair, do you have some sort of problem?  If you've noticed, just about
*everything* posted on this board is *legal*!!!  So fuck off!  You wanna get
nasty?  Well go ahead, call my house!  Threaten me!  HaHaHa, so what are you
gonna do, take me to court for calling a bbs?  Freedom of speech.  YOU lose!

Ax Murderer
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your guess is as good as mine as to what happens next.  For those of you who
are interested, Mike Wendland can be reached at WDIV-TV, 313-222-0444,
313-222-0540, 313-222-5000, 313-222-0532.

                            Information Provided by

      Ax Murderer/John Maxfield/Sally Ride:::Space Cadet/Knight Lightning
                    and the PWN Special Investigation Team
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Maxfield is in general pretty proud of his efforts with THE BOARD.  He says
that a lot of the people that he voice verified should have known it was him.
However, it is believed that he had a kid helping him do some of the
validations.

According to John F. Maxfield the only reason this sting board was done was to
show "What is currently happening in the phreak/hack community."   He said no
legal action will be taken at all, and besides, its fattened his "dossiers" on
a lot of people!
_______________________________________________________________________________

PWN Quicknotes
--------------
There is a bulletin board called Alpha Center in the 514 NPA (Canada) that is
being run by a guy named Mike Holmes who is writing a book on the personalities
of phreakers and hackers.  Mike will ask for your real name, address, phone
number and other things, but it is not completely required.   The board is 300
baud only.

The name of the book is reported to be "Phreak me out!" and it is supposed to
be "not about how to phreak or hack, but about hackers lives and their trials
and tribulations."   If you would like to find out more about this board or the
book before calling, either contact Attila the Hun or leave Mike Holmes a
message at his voice mailbox (214)733-5283.   For the general password contact
anyone of the below contributors, myself or Taran King.

                       Information Provided By (8/1/86)

                 Attila The Hun/Ryche/Sticky Fingers/The Pyro
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
People in foreign countries will soon be able to have the benefits of our
famous 800 (toll free) numbers.  In place of the 800 number, foreign callers
will dial 196. This will be followed by a unique prefix and the line number
from the company's domestic 800 service.

It would work like this: 196-NXX-XXXX.  AT&T will bill and record all these
calls.  This will give our overseas (and maybe Canada too) friends the
opportunity to take advantage of the US toll network.

            Information Provided By Sally Ride:::Space Cadet (8/1/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mountain States Telephone and Pacific North West Bell are trialing work
stations to be used to allow operators to work from home via the personal
computer.  Mountain States Telephone has over 100 people in various occupations
working from home now, while Pacific North West has just built one entire
operating office equipped with IBMs and have several employees working remotely
using the same technology.

           Information Provided By Sally Ride:::Space Cadet (8/8/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supposedly, Bug Byter, Soft Jock, Street Urchin, the Bandit, the Gray Elf,
Sea-Saw, and Quick Zipper have all were busted on August 5, 1986.  It has also
been reported that Street Urchin has to pay $7000 in restitution.

                Information Provided By Silent Assault (8/8/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Commodore Hacker, Hackin Hank was busted for abusing MCI codes and had to pay
a $2000 phone bill.  He was caught after a person he called was called by MCI
Investigations.  This person got scared and told them everything he knew.

                   Information Provided By Red Baron (8/8/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following two phreaks were sentenced about 2 months prior to the date.

MOB RULES, who was busted for MF Scanning that he had done 2 years previous,
got 90 days in jail, 360 hours of community service, and 5 years probation.

Video Vance has been given a flat 90 days in jail for being caught with 11
cases of dynamite.

            Information Provided By <S><C><A><N><M><A><N> (8/8/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
There is a bulletin board in Australia with many users interested in learning
to phreak and hack.  They need experienced people to converse with.  Tell the
sysop that you are calling from America.  The number is 61-3-509-9611.

                  Information Provided By Mad Madness (8/14/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shadow Hawk 1 was busted for hacking two RSTSs in Chicago.  They acquired all
of his printouts and disks with information on it. Info by Shadow Hawk 1.
(8/11/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Prophet, formally of the PhoneLine Phantoms, was recently contacted by
authorities for as yet unknown reasons.  He has had his computer equipment
confiscated, but as of this writing he has not been formally charged.  And to
clear up the rumor, I did not have anything to do with it.

                Information Provided By Solid State (8/23/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some notes about Night Stalker's bust here, I haven't really talked much to him
because his phone line is bugged, I could tell that much from all of the clicks
that I heard after he had hung up while I was still on the line.

Some of the reasons that he may have been busted were that credit Card numbers
were frequently posted on The Underground and two months ago a member of the
Underground called the White House with a bomb threat and was later visited by
the U.S. Secret Service.  They knew this person had used illegal extenders and
codes to make the call.  They inquired to where he obtained them and he told
them all about The Underground.

He is currently under surveillance, the Secret Service thinks he is
transferring funds and have been following him and taking pictures, especially
when he visited his bank.   That's about all I know...end of the investigation.

                     Information Provided By Night Stalker
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
In the last week of July, Cyclone II mistakenly was playing with a local VAX
and became a bit careless with his methods.  He was caught.  You may have
noticed that he hasn't been calling around for quite awhile.  He won't be until
this mess is cleared up, which should be in the near future.

His computer was confiscated, as well as all of his files, papers, notes, and
anything else the authorities could find that was illegal.  He is laying low
and would prefer not to receive too many calls.

                 Information Provided by Cyclone II (8/4/86)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For those of us that subscribe to Home Box Office (HBO), did any of you see the
HBO movie, Apology?   Well the movie was based on fact and being that Apology
can be accessed from a phone line I feel that it could be considered as
possibly having something to do with phreaking.   This Apology differs a little
from the movie, because with this one you can hear other people's Apology's as
well including the statements made from two phreaks in the Southern Bell area.

These two phone phreaks/hackers/credit carders/anarchists as they described
themselves apologized for all sorts of crimes including $200,000 phone bills to
their phone company, bomb threats to their school, and prank calls to Hong
Kong, Egypt, and London.   One of the phreaks identified themselves as "The
Cop."  Just thought you might be interested to know about it...-KL
_______________________________________________________________________________

                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                    Volume One, Issue Eight, Phile #9 of 9

PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                            Phrack World News                            PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                          Issue Seven/Part Two                           PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN                Compiled and Written by Knight Lightning                 PWN
PWN                                                                         PWN
PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN PWN

P-80: Sting Board?                                              August 28, 1986
------------------
Below is a compilation of miscellaneous messages taken from the Communication/
Phreak section and the Elite user section of Pirate 80 Systems, a BBS run by
Scan Man, also known as Scott Higgonbotham.  Everything in []s are notes from
Sally Ride and myself.

                              *******************
                              ******        ******
                              ******        *******
                              ******        ********
                              ******        ******
                              *****************
                              ******
                              ******
                              ******  E I G H T Y
                              ******
                              ******

                    FOR THE SERIOUS COMMUNICATIONS HOBBYIST
                                WELCOME ABOARD

                           <><><><><><><><><><><><>
                           <> Knowledge is Power <>
                           <>  Thomas Jefferson  <>
                           <><><><><><><><><><><><>

            [Enter:  An up and coming young phreaker named Shawn.]

Msg#: 7284 *COMMUNICATIONS*
05/28/86 19:43:24 (Read 42 Times)
From: SHAWN
To: ALL
Subj: CODES

OK HERE WE GO  800 446 4462 SKYLINE (CODE: XXXXXXX)
               800 626 9600 CODE (XXXXXXX)
               800 222 4482 CODE (XXXXXX)
               800 521 8400 CODE (XXXXXXXX)
               800 227 0073 CODES (xxxxXxx X=0-9)
METRO CODES: XXXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXXX, XXXXXX
PBX: 312 455 7287 (CODE XXXX+Y)
503 652 6016:  ID:  XXX,XXX PASS ****

later,
          Shawn

[In the above message, the numbers were followed by codes that I have since
censored out.  This magazine will *NOT* publish codes.]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[It's common knowledge that a BBS userlog must be blanked before a BBS can be
used as a sting board.  I've also heard that law enforcement officials have
been trying to bust P-80 and Scan Man for a long time, but have not been able
to accomplish anything.  Even the infamous Detective Dan Pasquale {See past
issues of Phrack World News, "Phoenix Phortress Stings 7" and "Oryan QUEST Vs.
Dan Pasquale"} and John Maxfield, head of BoardScan, are frustrated at being
unable to deal with Scan Man.  On June 20, 1986, or thereabouts, the following
message appeared in the logon to P-80;

                         "BI-ANNUAL USERLOG CLEANUP IN
                          EFFECT.  ALL MEMBERS PLEASE
                          RE-LOGIN AS A NEW USER..."]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 7870 *COMMUNICATIONS*
06/20/86 22:04:41 (Read 50 Times)
From: ICARUS 1
To: ALL
Subj: TMC BUST

TMC has just nailed a hacker associate of mine for $935.  The destination
numbers were called and someone spilled their guts.  The guy who got busted
is worried because the Alliance bills have not come in yet.  TMC users beware.
Make sure your friends are amnesiacs as the phreaker's bible says.

Icarus

[Some friendly advice from Icarus 1, too bad not everyone heeded the message.]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 7894 *COMMUNICATIONS*
06/21/86 19:44:09 (Read 44 Times)
From: ICARUS 1
To: SCAN MAN (Rcvd)
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 7870 (TMC BUST)

He was busted by TMC in the state of Nebraska.

Icarus
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 7898 *COMMUNICATIONS*
06/21/86 20:43:10 (Read 43 Times)
From: MAX MADDNESS
To: ICARUS 1 (Rcvd)
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 7870 (TMC BUST)

Hey check it out, I use TMC in Youngstown, Ohio (216-743-6533), but when TMC
calls my phreak friends, they think the calls originate from Akron, Ohio which
is 60 or so miles away.  So when TMC calls and asks, "Do you know anyone in
Akron?" people usually are honest and just say no.  So even if I call
+relatives, etc. usually I'm safe.

          Max
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 7880 *COMMUNICATIONS*
06/21/86 05:30:37 (Read 51 Times)
From: THE FALCON
To: ALL
Subj: TMC

What is the number to TMC?  I just want to know so that I'm sure not to use it.
Oh well, thanx and later.

          \_The Falcon_/
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 7952 *COMMUNICATIONS*
06/23/86 13:06:23 (Read 44 Times)
From: SHAWN
To: ICARUS 1 (Rcvd)
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 7870 (TMC BUST)

Well I told you guys a while ago that this would happen so stay away from them.

Icarus
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 7961 *COMMUNICATIONS*
06/23/86 17:15:41 (Read 47 Times)
From: BLADE RUNNER
To: ALL
Subj: TMC

I was wandering around some guys hard drive this weekend and found some AT&T
mail regarding TMC.  From what I understand TMC is involved in the AT&T
AGETRIAL project.  Which indicates to me that TMC is also into computers and
consequently knows what a hacker is.  Another thing that was found was some
information on the 1PSS switch that has been developed by AT&T and has already
been deployed in dome BOCS and other communications networks.  This troubles me
in that this is the first that I have heard about it.  I meant to say that it
has been deployed on some networks already.  If you have any valid information
on the 1PSS SWITCH please post it and it will show up in the P.H.I.R.M. update
issue for July, giving you credit for the information of course.

BLADE RUNNER (PRESIDENT)
P.H.I.R.M.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 8456 *COMMUNICATIONS*
07/13/86 13:48:51 (Read 75 Times)
From: SCAN MAN
To: SHAWN (Rcvd)
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 7691 (GENERAL)

GOT ANY CODES FOR 800-451-2300?

[***IMPORTANT***  This is TMC's Miami, Florida dial-up.  An interesting request
from the sysop of one of the nation's top code boards.  For those of you who
remember it was Scan Man who asked the infamous Whacko Cracko Brothers, Inc.
{See PWN Issue II, "The Life And Crimes of The Whacko Cracko Brothers, Inc."}
to scan some codes on a certain dial-up just before they were arrested.  Now he
is asking Shawn for TMC codes, kinda interesting that Shawn got investigated
less than a week later by TMC Security Department isn't it?]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 8970 *COMMUNICATIONS*
08/10/86 06:41:48 (Read 34 Times)
From: SHAWN
To: SCAN MAN (Rcvd)
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 8456 (GENERAL)

Well sorry it took me so long to find this message I kept forgetting to look at
this one.  Anyway if you really need some [codes, referring to the last
message] I can dig some up easy enough well hack some I should say noting you
can get about 100 in a matter a 10 or 15 minutes so its no big deal to me
either way also watch 800 637 7377 I'm telling you now people that this company
has tracing stuff and I have talked with them they offer me a job and I'm goin
to take it but dont worry I'm not goin to be busting people I have to make it
so you guys cant get in notin it is very easy to make it at least very hard to
do ho well be careful.

[Be careful indeed! 800-637-7377 is TMC's Las Vegas dial-up.  What would you do
if you were about to lose your computer and maybe your freedom?  Work for the
other side?  The kid really has a way with words, I haven't seen spelling and
grammer like that since first grade.  As for his not busting people, isn't that
a laugh, he has already stated that he will bust anyone he can starting with
the lower level phreaks who are only into code abuse.]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 8974 *COMMUNICATIONS*
08/10/86 13:14:13 (Read 34 Times)
From: JOHNNY ROTTEN
To: ALL
Subj: PHREAKERS QUEST

To all users of Phreaker's Quest...

What happened to it? It just rings. If you have any info. Leave mail or
whatever.
          <Johnny Rotten>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 9058 *COMMUNICATIONS*
08/13/86 06:58:12 (Read 30 Times)
From: SHAWN
To: JOHNNY ROTTEN
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 8974 (PHREAKERS QUEST)

Well you see I came very close to getting busted they called my voice line that
is TMC of 800 637 7377 and I have never given it out to anyone at all [I bet!]
so I knew that i was in for it they told me they knew I ran a board and they
said they could not get in I kept deleted them haha anyways I had 2 choices 1
take it down 2 get busted.

[Wonder how they got your home number Shawn?  Did you give it out for
validation on Pirate-80?  Maybe around the time of the "Bi-annual userlog
cleanup"?  Or, could it be the cops are smart enough to ask the phone company
for any other line running into a house where a suspect BBS is running?]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 9052 *COMMUNICATIONS*
08/12/86 19:10:47 (Read 29 Times)
From: JIM RATH
To: ALL
Subj: TMC

Listen people... it is time to stop screwing with TMC.. (7377 number).  Our
good friend Shawn of Phreakers Quest just had his BBS put down from them.
Shawn met some guy from TMC, and they have had ANI on the number for months
now.  If you value your own security, throw away any and all TMC information
NOW, or you might be suffering the consequences later.

For details on the "Bust" call Theives Underground II.  It's SCARY!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 9054 *COMMUNICATIONS*
08/12/86 23:50:02 (Read 28 Times)
From: SCAN MAN
To: JIM RATH (Rcvd)
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 9052 (TMC)

          Where is Thieves Underground located?

[Why is Scan Man so interested in what Shawn is saying about his experience
with TMC?  I mean plenty of people on Pirate-80 have run-ins with some form of
security everyday and he doesn't go researching them, why is this "TMC Run-IN"
so important to him?   Maybe he has a personal reason to be interested, then
again maybe not.]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Msg#: 9086 *COMMUNICATIONS*
08/14/86 13:36:37 (Read 25 Times)
From: JIM RATH
To: SCAN MAN (Rcvd)
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 9054 (TMC)

I believe TU is in Texas somewhere.. dunno where exactly (never really bothered
remembering).. 214 AC though
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Msg#: 9110 *COMMUNICATIONS*
08/15/86 03:54:20 (Read 16 Times)
From: SHAWN
To: JIM RATH (Rcvd)
Subj: REPLY TO MSG# 9052 (TMC)

If you want some details why dont you just ask me seeing as though i would be
the one to ask the TU only knows what i tell him and scan man i need to talk
with you about this they did have an idea of some things going on here and so
one i would rather say it to yo then type it in

shawn

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Indeed, what is going on here Shawn?  Just what did TMC mention about
Pirate-80?  And why not post it in on the public boards?  For the answer to
that maybe one could talk to Jeff Namey who works for TMC and is very proud to
acclaim the efforts of one Scott Higgonbotham and his sting BBS Pirate 80 which
has, in his own words, "Saved my company from near bankruptcy at the hands of
the hackers."

It is also interesting to note that Scan Man recently admitted to being a
computer security consultant in Phrack Pro-Phile IV.  He said his boss didn't
know about his outside phreak/hack interests.

Scan Man also claims to have infiltrated various security organizations.  I
wonder if he has infiltrated or simply joined as a regular member.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following are highlights of a conversation with Ben Graves of TMC, around
August 25th or 26th (SR=Sally Ride   BG=Ben Graves):

SR:  Mr. Graves I need to talk to you about one of your employee's a Scott
     Higgonbotham (Scan Man).

BG:  What about Scott?

SR:  Well, my company is concerned with the impact of computer hackers on our
     business.  Scott attended a convention in Miami around January and gave
     his business card to one of our security people.  I'm following up on
     their conversation with the idea that perhaps my company could be given
     access to Scott's electronic bulletin board.  In this way we could monitor
     for hackers abusing our codes.

BG:  That may be something we can arrange.  I know that Scott has been a great
     help to TMC since we were able to pick him up.  We began to have a big
     problem with hackers awhile back and Scott seems to have some of the
     answers.  He's not in right now, can I have your number and I'll have him
     call you back?

SR:  You sure can.  So, Scott's bulletin board has helped you reduce your
     losses to toll fraud?

BG:  Well,  that's just one of the ways Scott has used to work on the problem.
     But, he has been very effective.

SR:  Thanks, Ben, I'll be waiting for the call.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following are highlights of conversation with Pauline Frazier of TMC from
around September 5, 1986   (Sally Ride: SR   Pauline Frazier: PF)

Operator:  TMC, may I help you?

SR:  Yes, Ben Graves, please.

Operator:  I'm sorry, Mr. Graves is no longer employed here.

SR:  Oh!? Well, is Scott Higgonbotham in?

Operator:  One moment, please.

PF:  Hello, this is Pauline Frazier, I'm the office manager, may I help you?

SR:  Well, maybe, I was trying to reach Ben Graves, I just talked to him last
     week about another one of your employees, Scott Higgonbotham, now the
     receptionist says Ben no longer works here.

PF:  Yes, that is true, and neither does Mr. Higgonbotham.

SR:  May I ask why?

PF:  I'm really not able to say much, I think you should talk to our
     Regional Security Director,  Kevin Griffo, he's on 804-625-1110.  He could
     tell you much more than I can.

SR:  O.K., but maybe I should tell you why I'm interested.  I  was talking to
     Ben about an electronic bulletin board Scott is running.  My company has
     someone on it and we're concerned that things might not be legal on there.
     There are access codes being posted of my company's and yours'.  Could
     that be why they're no longer employed?

PF:  Do you mean he is posting TMC codes on there?

SR:  Well, I can't say he's the one posting the codes, but he is letting them
     be posted, along with a lot of other information such as computer logins
     and passwords.

PF:  Well, you know I never did like it when they hired that fellow.  And,
     I told them so, too.  When he started we had a problem with toll fraud,
     but nothing like it is now.   He was able to catch a few of those hackers
     while he was here, and we pressed charges, but the problem just seemed to
     get worse and worse.

SR:  So, he actually had some hackers arrested?

PF:  Yes, several.  He started working here in Charleston and then they
     sent him to New York when things got bad up there.   But, things never
     have gotten any better since he's started here or in New York either.
     Sir, please, call Mr. Griffo about all this he can tell you more than I.

SR:  I will.  Do you think he'd be in now?

PF:  Well, it's late here and he's probably gone home, try Monday.

SR:  Thanks, I will.

     (But you told me plenty, sweetheart!)

[For the record I had a VERY similar chat with Pauline Frazier, it turned up
the same results.]
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following are highlights of a conversation with Kevin Griffo, TMC,
September 9th (Sally Ride:  SR  Kevin Griffo: KG).

Oper:  TMC, may I help you?

SR:  Yes, Kevin Griffo, please.

Oper:  His line is busy now, can he call you back?

SR:  Well, this is urgent, may I hold?

Oper:  Certainly, I'll let him know you're holding.

KG:  Hello, this is Kevin.

SR:  Mr.  Griffo I've been referred to you by one of your Charleston employees,
     Pauline Frazier.  She felt I should tell you what I told her yesterday
     about one of your now former employees, I think, Scott Higgonbotham.

KG:  Yeah, we let him go just last week.  What about him?

SR:  My company feels Scott is running an illegal BBS and has for sometime been
     allowing access codes to be posted.  Codes for your company's toll
     switches as well as ours and other's are being entered on his system as
     well as computer system logins and passwords.

KG:  Well, I'm not surprised.  I have been to Scott's home to see the bulletin
     board.  I knew codes were being posted, but I thought he was taking care
     of reporting them.

SR:  May I ask why you let him go?

KG:  Certainly, Scott just wasn't solving our problems.  In fact, some of our
     people have thought he was somewhat to blame for many of them.   Even
     though, at first, he appeared to be the answer.  He was able to identify
     several computer hackers for us.

SR:  So, he did bust some hackers?  Has he done so recently?  I think a young
     man using the name Shawn on the bulletin boards was recently identified by
     your company.

KG:  No, he hasn't gotten anyone recently that I'm aware of, but he could have
     turned them over to one of the local franchises.  You see TMC is a
     franchise operation.   We try to help the franchises, but many do their
     own thing.  We wouldn't necessarily know about all that goes on.

SR:  I'm sorry to hear you had this trouble.  Perhaps, my company could
     be of assistance.  We do work of a similar nature.

KG:  I'd certainly be interested in any help you could give.  Can you put
     together a written proposal?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I also had an interesting conversation with Larry Algard of Pacific Northwest
Bell.  He confirmed that he had met Scott Higgonbotham at the Miami CFCA
conference last January.  He also mentioned that Scott had told him about his
"sting" bulletin board, Pirate-80 in West Virginia.

For those who are interested:

TMC (Charleston Office).......................304-345-7275
Pauline Frazier, Office Manager (TMC).........See above
Jeff Namey, Accounts Receivable (TMC).........304-744-6555
TMC (Miami Office)............................305-371-3544
TMC (Tidewater)...............................804-625-1110
Larry Algard (Pacific North West Bell)........503-242-8862
Pacific North West Bell (Employee Directory)..800-426-7039

Or write to;   TMC
               405 Capitol St.
               Parlor Suite
               Charleston, West Virginia 25301

All the thoughts in []'s and other information are the insane ramblings of
Sally Ride:::Space Cadet and Knight Lightning, you tell me, are we spaced out
or what?!   The TMC employee interviews were by Sally Ride:::Space Cadet with
me doing the background information.

It was at this point in time that we decided to have a talk with Scan Man
directly and give him a chance to clear his name and reputation.

Unfortunately, Scan Man was very uncooperative and constantly avoided answering
the questions I asked him.  He also added that everything said in the
interviews were lies.  He claims that Kevin Griffo has never been to his house,
he doesn't know Ben Graves, and Pauline Frazier hated him because she knew he
was a hacker.

He then went on to imply that Sally Ride:::Space Cadet was actually an employee
of some communications carrier himself because of the terminology he used in
some of his posts on P-80.

Scan Man claimed that he has been telling people that he worked for TMC for
quite some time and he only needed the codes from Shawn because he was going to
be in Miami later that week.  In other words, Shawn's near bust and his asking
for TMC codes may have been a simple coincidence.

He claims to have done system analysis for TMC, but also admitted to securing
some of their computer systems, which isn't a crime.

As for his being at the Miami CFCA conference, I will assume that he was
infiltrating the con and was spotted as being a hacker.  In order to gain the
respect and confidence of the security officials, he told them that his
bulletin board was a sting.   Now, that story completely is believable with the
exception of how he arrived, a plane trip paid for by TMC.

Scan Man's last words contained a threat that if this affected his home life,
he would personally track down the writers and contributors and shoot them with
his rifle.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Notes from KL:

One thing that I should mention is the fact that Pirate-80 has *NEVER* been
busted or investigated.  I mean its not hard to get onto and there are codes
plastered everywhere you look.  How many boards do you know of that have been
busted for having codes on them?  One example of this is with the credit card
numbers owned by Richard Sandza, author of "The Night Of The Hackers" and "The
Revenge Of The Hackers," both printed in Newsweek Magazine.

"It wasn't long before I found out what was being done with my credit-card
 numbers, thanks to another friendly hacker who tipped me to Pirate 80, a
 bulletin board in Charleston, W. Va., where I found this:  'I'm sure you guys
 have heard about Richard Standza [sic] or Montana Wildhack.  He's the guy who
 wrote the obscene story about phreaking in NewsWeek [sic].  Well, my friend
 did a credit card check on TRW...try this number, it's a VISA...Please nail
 this guy bad...Captain Quieg [sic].'"

See this?  This was published in "The Revenge Of The Hackers" in Newsweek
Magazine!  And what happened to P-80?  Nothing!  Here Richard Sandza has just
announced to thousands of people that P-80 has credit card numbers posted on it
and nothing happened.  Why?  The answer to that is left to the reader.

There are a few other things to mention about Scan Man/P-80/TMC.  Supposedly
all of the computer equipment that P-80 runs on was donated by TMC themselves.
It is also believed that Scan Man's only duty to the company was to report TMC
codes so that they could be turned off.  It would appear that this had changed
but, we at Phrack Inc. in no way take any opinion whatsoever about the
innocence or guilt of Scan Man.  We leave it to the reader to decide for
him/herself.

I'm sure all parties concerned would appreciate you NOT calling the above
numbers if all you plan to do is harass people or anything else among those
same lines.  After all a job is a job and harassing someone wouldn't do
anyone any good either, it would just make them mad.  If you are going to call,
make sure it is for knowledge purposes only!  Above all do NOT call Scan Man to
harass him or his innocent family.  My suggestion is that if you feel that Scan
Man is an informant or whatever, then stop just calling his board.

One last thing, a *VERY* big thank you to Sally Ride:::Space Cadet for a job
well done and for all the time he spent working on the article.

                            Information Provided by

                  Knight Lightning & Sally Ride:::Space Cadet

                          and directly/indirectly by

     Blade Runner/Evil Jay/Forest Ranger/Icarus 1/Jack The Ripper/Jim Rath
Johnny Rotten/Larry Algard/Max Madness/Oryan QUEST/P-80 Systems/Scan Man/Shawn
              Suicidal Nightmare/Taran King/The Falcon/TMC Staff

                          and other Anonymous Sources

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PS: For those interested, this investigation was sparked by the interception of
    a memo from Larry Algard (Pacific Northwest Bell) to his boss, George Reay.
    What was in the memo?  Several things, but mostly it spoke of the January
    CFCA (Communications Fraud Control Association) conference in Miami,
    Florida where Larry met one Scott Higgonbotham, Security Director for TMC
    (Tele-Marketing Company) who told him that he operated a "sting" bulletin
    board named Pirate 80 in West Virginia.
_______________________________________________________________________________
